
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  12634                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25147                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               72722115                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67400124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1375.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    17372345                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      34580154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data       1179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     73931392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          75134848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        23744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks     74057408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       74057408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data          18433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher      1155178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1173982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks      1157147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1157147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst           237440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         11797120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    739313920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            751348480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       237440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          237440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks     740574080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           740574080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks     740574080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst          237440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        11797120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    739313920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1491922560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1157147.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18433.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples   1155179.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000298799652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds        67868                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds        67868                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState            3370906                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState           1093695                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1173983                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1157147                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1173983                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1157147                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              75134912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               74053376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               75134912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            74057408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            36676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            36652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            36620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            36621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            36615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            36642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            36640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            36690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            36737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            36743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           36756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           36800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           36750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17           36672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18           36609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19           36614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20           36658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21           36655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23           36657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25           36743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29           36643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30           36624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            36099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            36167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16           36197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17           36120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19           36100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20           36142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21           36107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23           36138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28           36230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29           36121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30           36110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999971007                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1173983                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1157147                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 947461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 107923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  47866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  46644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  24088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                 25148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                 31424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                 62148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                 66112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                 67729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                 71118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                 69775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                 69500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                 69562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                 69696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                 68791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                 69495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                 69499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                 69208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                 70765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                 70052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                 69139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                 67939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       234618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   635.874963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   491.714515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.423631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10683      4.55%      4.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36023     15.35%     19.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13276      5.66%     25.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26607     11.34%     36.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19244      8.20%     45.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        20876      8.90%     54.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19208      8.19%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11151      4.75%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        77550     33.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       234618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.297813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.993149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.076604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        67865    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15616-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        67868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.049036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.003442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.271415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           35954     52.98%     52.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            5568      8.20%     61.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           16943     24.96%     86.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            6506      9.59%     95.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            2473      3.64%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             212      0.31%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22             212      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        67868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1179712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     73931456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     74053376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 237440.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11797120.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 739314560.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 740533760.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          371                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18433                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher      1155179                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1157147                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13856505                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    924954386                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  50489208781                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5559867975740                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37349.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     50179.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     43706.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4804806.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 30892709036                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            51428019672                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3911711356                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26314.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43806.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      751.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      740.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   751.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   740.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     57.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1057645                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1038803                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                90.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               89.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     42897.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            367863035.904005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            489069190.041602                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           2469919780.742430                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          2174797332.959988                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        10721437456.900036                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        23181257414.548828                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        376958660.198398                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   17852717047.603237                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1652738240.159944                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    23257091200.896038                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          82560105906.734787                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           825.601059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         72115754680                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    186874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2708650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  39617916807                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3443199458                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24986178047                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29057181688                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            363855439.584008                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            483736995.772799                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           2468224635.072027                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          2174098252.704002                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        10762998785.716011                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        23024446480.022488                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        401286940.992003                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   18004323580.723179                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1727577492.479951                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23360875574.534428                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          82829275151.952118                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           828.292752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         72216196941                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    262181692                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2719150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39313129721                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3599113043                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24802471367                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29303954177                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data       1184576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     73926784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          75134976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks     74056704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       74056704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data          18509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher      1155106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1173984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks      1157136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1157136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst           236160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         11845760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    739267840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            751349760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       236160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          236160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks     740567040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           740567040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks     740567040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst          236160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        11845760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    739267840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1491916800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1157136.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       369.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18509.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples   1155107.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000297177652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds        67867                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds        67867                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState            3370895                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState           1093700                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1173985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1157136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1173985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1157136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              75135040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               74052928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               75135040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            74056704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            36679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            36647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            36622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            36622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            36616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            36645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            36634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            36692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            36737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            36739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           36759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           36754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           36798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           36752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17           36675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18           36611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19           36615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20           36662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21           36656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23           36657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26           36738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28           36750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29           36647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30           36623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            36168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           36222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           36220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           36220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16           36194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17           36120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19           36101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20           36144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21           36106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23           36142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28           36231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29           36122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30           36109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99999824507                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1173985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1157136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 947386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 107916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  47863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  46647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  24172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                 25143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                 31430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                 62145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                 66103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                 67722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                 71119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                 69784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                 69493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                 69572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                 69704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                 68789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                 69494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                 69494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                 69207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                 70758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                 70054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                 69138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                 67937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       234681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   635.703990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   491.494137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.448034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10724      4.57%      4.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36031     15.35%     19.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13275      5.66%     25.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26619     11.34%     36.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19270      8.21%     45.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        20914      8.91%     54.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19173      8.17%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11132      4.74%     66.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        77543     33.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       234681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.298112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.992626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.070136                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        67864    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15616-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        67867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.049184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.003595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.271326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           35945     52.96%     52.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            5578      8.22%     61.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16933     24.95%     86.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            6517      9.60%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            2472      3.64%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             210      0.31%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22             212      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        67867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1184576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     73926848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     74052928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 236160.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11845760.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 739268480.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 740529280.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          369                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18509                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher      1155107                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1157136                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15757888                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    930842937                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  50474990959                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5560331647585                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     42704.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     50291.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     43697.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4805253.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30886246164                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            51421591784                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3911718020                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26308.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43800.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      751.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      740.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   751.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   740.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     57.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1057627                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1038752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                90.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               89.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     42897.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            368075111.040006                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            489346994.875203                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           2469894542.841630                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          2174755989.503989                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        10726978967.408833                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        23191900767.504105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        376958660.198399                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   17857866219.110443                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1658122885.439946                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    23240956561.334438                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          82571229355.574814                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           825.712294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         72105675746                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    187492500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2710050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  39585657540                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3454425325                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24996781754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29065592881                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            363842964.576008                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            483720410.409599                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           2468258285.606428                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          2174113286.688003                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        10760228030.461613                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        23023601466.163265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        401431043.328002                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   18001591617.945560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1722605082.239952                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23372216180.476837                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          82829748134.683289                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           828.297481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         72216657198                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    263068000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2718450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39328366560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3588778732                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24801824802                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29299511906                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 2639658                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           2639658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              4104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2566414                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    2068                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 85                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2566414                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            2525363                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            41051                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1959                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches            0                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict      2451978                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong          2080                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured        15795                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts       129002                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount        16957                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache       211364                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable         6544                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     8.167268                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.073568                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains         4227                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains            0                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident     0.000000                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       27587                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    18849182                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         36710                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       32314                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           201                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                   79785                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed                  9344                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed                  46                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed               1775                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed            14725                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect                11119                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect              14771                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                    9390                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed                16500                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.510117                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                84.036334                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved                 23296                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                  1831                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             2.294918                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        11.769130                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade             79785                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads               25890                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency           112100                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       4.329857                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              42149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts            17392997                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps               251342                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps              34542034                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       17499346                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                         34826933                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable               30026                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1     0.171584                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2     0.086215                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     2639658                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            2527431                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     199872404                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    8740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                          7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 5175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          4456                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4069                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     32173                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          199932640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.174032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.165757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                195558161     97.81%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4812      0.00%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    13069      0.01%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     6368      0.00%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     4056      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     5414      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     5106      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    14580      0.01%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4321074      2.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            199932640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.013198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.087497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.992776                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.993923                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                        2800741                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations        41142                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates       211616                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates     17486325                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp             4068                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps            2057                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps          2138                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            117                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess             271                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  2523373                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             193065633                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     16619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               4322645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   4370                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               34680931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                 12496                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   4370                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  4289899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2079727                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   2515110                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             191041000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               34653512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                  8854                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              190979880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents               88                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            23262168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             109795999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         53811670                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          18765162                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              23170140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    92028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 27                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             20                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  30986408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                31081                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            18851587                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              3238                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores             1422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   34635951                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 109                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  34623070                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                95                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           55906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        68823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     199932640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.173174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.544448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           173539627     86.80%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            22996054     11.50%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              686543      0.34%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              710969      0.36%     99.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1885879      0.94%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              103901      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                9667      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       199932640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     10      2.59%      2.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      2.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      5      1.30%      3.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     4      1.04%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      4.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    110     28.50%     33.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   179     46.37%     79.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                10      2.59%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               68     17.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              1453      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              15739971     45.46%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 1093      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    24      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  13      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  144      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   90      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 176      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                30012      0.09%     45.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               85821      0.25%     45.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             220      0.00%     45.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       18764053     54.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               34623070                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.173115                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         386                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000011                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          231649687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          15927012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15847041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            37529574                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           18765130                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18764659                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               15857174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                18764829                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             8753                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         6254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3270                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           119                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   4370                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    7660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               2070381                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            34636060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                 31081                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             18851587                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     26                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  5474                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            754                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 4707                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              34613697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                 27581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              9373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     18876755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  2611101                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   18849174                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.173068                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       34612053                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      34611700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  12331179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  15258916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.173058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.808129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed          113                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged                 1753                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated             1753                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.409702                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      6.355825                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     6.355825                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP                3315                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           50552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              10                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              4201                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    199921747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.172968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.555743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    175925513     88.00%     88.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     18835806      9.42%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84630      0.04%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4889932      2.45%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        80630      0.04%     99.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48644      0.02%     99.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56592      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    199921747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             17372345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               34580154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       18873144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         24827                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    2608469                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   18764536                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  34546487                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 1967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          619      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         15704964     45.42%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            1086      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             108      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              74      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            130      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           24679      0.07%     45.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          84283      0.24%     45.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          148      0.00%     45.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     18764034     54.26%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          34580154                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 56592                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted              9315                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      37.519636                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted            18435                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1     0.106117                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2     0.053311                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    234495861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    69272361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           67361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    17372345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      34580154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              11.512551                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        11.512551                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.086862                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.086862                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 53774892                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                10620362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  18765061                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      513                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  13055764                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 10090775                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                24110573                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.423505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18866532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2347242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.037745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            324500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.423505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          40081132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         40081132                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           18060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16501227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16501227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     16519287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         16519287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     16519287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        16519287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      2347042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2347042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2347658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2347658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2347658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2347658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66804769500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66804769500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66844258500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  66844258500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66844258500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  66844258500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     18848269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18848269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     18866945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18866945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     18866945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18866945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64105.519481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64105.519481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28463.389023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28463.389023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28472.741132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28472.741132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28472.741132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28472.741132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2754                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   144.947368                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      2346218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2346218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2347042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2347042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2347245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2347245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2347245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2347245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62110687500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62110687500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62125526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62125526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62125526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62125526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73098.522167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73098.522167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26463.389875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26463.389875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26467.423085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26467.423085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26467.423085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26467.423085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2346218                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           473.776042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               31724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             39.854271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   473.776042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.925344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             65036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            65036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        30928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           30928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        30928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            30928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        30928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           30928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125104471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125104471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125104471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125104471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125104471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125104471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        32120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        32120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104953.415268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104953.415268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104953.415268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104953.415268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104953.415268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104953.415268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        40027                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1764                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               302                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   132.539735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          126                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85884477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85884477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85884477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85884477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85884477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85884477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 107895.071608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107895.071608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 107895.071608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107895.071608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 107895.071608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107895.071608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    320                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued         17455139                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified            17455153                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    8                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage               1320183                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31432.456576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6951759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4641415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.497767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   6483000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   31213.095626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher   219.360950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.952548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.006694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.959242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        21067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.006683                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962860                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  42198023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 42198023                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2346115                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2346115                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          422                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              422                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           2294798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2294798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             54                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 54                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data            89                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                89                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              2294887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2294941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             2294887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2294941                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           52242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               52242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          740                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              740                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              52356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  53096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             52356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 53096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6898498000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    6898498000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83883500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     83883500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12392000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     12392000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83883500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6910890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6994773500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83883500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6910890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6994773500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2346115                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2346115                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          422                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          422                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       2347040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2347040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            794                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2347243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2348037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2347243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2348037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931990                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.931990                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.561576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.931990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.022305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.022613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.931990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.022305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.022613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 132048.887868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132048.887868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 113356.081081                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113356.081081                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108701.754386                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108701.754386                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 113356.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 131998.051799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131738.238285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 113356.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 131998.051799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131738.238285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                        53                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             2314283                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2314283                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        15414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total            15414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           15414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               15414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          15414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              15414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      2310886                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        2310886                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          740                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         36942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             37682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      2310886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2348568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 176481175603                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 176481175603                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4243666500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4243666500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68343500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68343500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9998000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9998000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4253664500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4322008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4253664500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 176481175603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 180803183603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.016048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      1.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 76369.485818                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76369.485818                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115229.349951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115229.349951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92356.081081                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92356.081081                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87701.754386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87701.754386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92356.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115144.402036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114696.884454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92356.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115144.402036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 76369.485818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76984.436305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2314704                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4662674                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2314707                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2311135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2314283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2311140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3505327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3505310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      7010637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7010637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    149192256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    149191488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    298383744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               298383744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2347970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2347970    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2347970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8024342898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          8024240284                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        12666082379                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             12.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4694579                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2346538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            602                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          602                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4660398                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq          2445400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2347040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2347039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7040707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7042617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    300381440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              300452736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4760106                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 148114240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7108145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7107538     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    607      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7108145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4693827500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3520864000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
