
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27993                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56069                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21232137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67441440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4709.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   131842700                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     264076816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        214784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data        412736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher       596416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1223936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       214784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       214784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks       119808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         119808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst           3356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data           6449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         9319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              19124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks         1872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst          2147840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data          4127360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher      5964160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             12239360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2147840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2147840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks       1198080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1198080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks       1198080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst         2147840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data         4127360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher      5964160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            13437440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1872.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3356.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      9317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.006196471652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds          103                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds          103                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState              41132                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState              1736                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      19124                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1872                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    19124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1223424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 116288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1223936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              119808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16             555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17             575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18             679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19             829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20             658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21             878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22             869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23            1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24             773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25             682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26             597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27             365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28             390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29             479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30             364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31             482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17              12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18              49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19              85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21             126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23             249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25              35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31              35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                   7062194500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                19124                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  15188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         5309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.347335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.178102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   293.079160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2311     43.53%     43.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1360     25.62%     69.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          526      9.91%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          239      4.50%     83.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.98%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          126      2.37%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           93      1.75%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.89%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          449      8.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         5309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    185.485437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    51.293933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1136.417529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           98     95.15%     95.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      2.91%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11520-11775            1      0.97%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.640777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.600595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.195206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              29     28.16%     28.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      2.91%     31.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              53     51.46%     82.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              14     13.59%     96.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      1.94%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      1.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       214784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       412352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher       596288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       116288                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2147840.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4123520.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 5962880.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1162880.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3356                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6449                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         9319                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1872                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    179405296                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    293903526                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher    392484932                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 218596235319                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     53458.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     45573.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     42116.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 116771493.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   531416682                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              865793754                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  63694512                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27799.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45291.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       12.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    12.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     53.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   14389                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    336359.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            7965292.608000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            10589754.403200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           37461457.420800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          3175929.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        1030720954.636805                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        508432949.438400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        36145759.910400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   2342803943.424003                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   654379343.519997                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    54347093531.572784                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          58979311866.787186                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           589.793119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime          6416298517                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     34826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    260400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  94169095200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1363287892                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    359183163                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3813207745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            8592161.760000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            11423168.904000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           42946494.528000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          3653258.112000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        1041803975.654405                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        532793977.127999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        34236539.904000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   2436334516.223995                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   597138249.119999                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    54300249424.713585                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          59009505188.625587                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           590.095052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime          6395551732                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31473000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    263200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  94110614480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1244057615                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    385296948                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3965357957                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        214976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data        424192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher       584512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1223680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks       121792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         121792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst           3359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data           6628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         9133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              19120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks         1903                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1903                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst          2149760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data          4241920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher      5845120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             12236800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2149760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2149760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks       1217920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1217920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks       1217920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst         2149760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data         4241920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher      5845120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            13454720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1903.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3359.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6621.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      9131.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.005562918124                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds          105                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds          105                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState              41300                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState              1761                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      19120                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1903                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    19120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1903                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1223104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 117888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1223680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              121792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17             582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18             686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19             818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20             660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21             874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22             867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23            1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24             775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25             689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26             601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27             369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28             405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30             345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31             479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19              92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20              64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21             133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22             169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23             245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26              35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28              12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                   7061948500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                19120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1903                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  15525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         5385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.023584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.256831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   288.505435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2338     43.42%     43.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1390     25.81%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          544     10.10%     79.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          249      4.62%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          175      3.25%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          112      2.08%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           92      1.71%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           63      1.17%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          422      7.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         5385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    181.495238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.983742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1093.034626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           99     94.29%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      2.86%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      1.90%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11008-11263            1      0.95%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.542857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.491487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.373013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              36     34.29%     34.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      2.86%     37.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              51     48.57%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               9      8.57%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      2.86%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.95%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.95%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       214976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       423744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher       584384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       117888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2149760.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4237440.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 5843840.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1178880.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6628                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         9133                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1903                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    168560814                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    300003709                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher    375816860                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 211815365782                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     50181.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     45263.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     41149.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 111306025.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   510091771                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              844381383                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  63677852                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26691.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44183.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       12.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    12.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     58.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   14321                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1247                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    335915.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            8242861.536000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            10958778.734400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           37432013.203200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          3247340.544000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        1026564821.755205                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        541218637.915200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        34247959.334400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   2348058544.742400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   620470912.319998                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    54350470620.196793                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          58981106492.649597                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           589.811065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime          6382831609                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    259350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  94195912720                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1292654356                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    398804071                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3821768853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            8551617.984000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            11369266.473600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           42954907.161600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          3675809.088000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        1034877087.518405                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        520575246.576000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        33575844.288000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   2431858355.404801                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   589075875.359997                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    54325354282.751991                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          59003245109.659195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           590.032451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime          6408108817                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31979500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    261450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  94148851680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1227248226                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    372359363                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3958111231                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                18635480                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          18635480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            284120                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             12063538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2788127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              56451                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        12063538                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           10905189                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          1158349                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       172557                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches            0                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict      3908781                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong         36289                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured     38449315                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts     93967838                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount     41252692                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache     67026518                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable      8190720                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     2.443940                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.072911                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains       283678                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains            0                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident     0.000000                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    54013519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    41033263                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         21562                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13305                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7452918                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3639                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                97883497                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed              37859754                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed               18878                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed             349733                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed          3258640                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect             38209487                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect            3277518                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                37878632                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed              3608373                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.950162                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                99.084696                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved              34434989                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                 21200                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.021658                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        38.697669                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade          97883497                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads            41487005                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency         38902392                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       0.937701                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            4264660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts           110324244                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps             77865619                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps             204255066                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      141177191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                        282153284                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable            78499050                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    55.603210                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2    27.821420                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    18635480                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           13693316                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     194602494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  601724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                       3192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                46456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         24939                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            9                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        56203                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   7450119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 27005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      29                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          199298815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.241484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.652030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                160345463     80.45%     80.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   427319      0.21%     80.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  2903474      1.46%     82.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   409932      0.21%     82.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2874084      1.44%     83.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  2962902      1.49%     85.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  6686677      3.36%     88.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  7980393      4.00%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 14708571      7.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            199298815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.093177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.705886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.723999                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.781459                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                       42230618                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations     11857343                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates     67040015                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates    137676083                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp            36040                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps           19937                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps         18932                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps           1047                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess            4950                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 15256185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             149383965                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   9872317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              24485486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 300862                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              271696843                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts               1243802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 300862                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 23314869                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               137362420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           5953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  18158224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              20156487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              269742183                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                676251                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 23681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  30307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1796710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          2506582                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           297436325                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             651397379                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        441408793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          30525702                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             291161633                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  6274468                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 91                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 139818149                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             41994354                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            41224636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads             32984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            51057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  268673124                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                7563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 279800996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             16216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         4603669                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6255051                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           6620                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     199298815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.403927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.589236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            91823080     46.07%     46.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            21467371     10.77%     56.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            35274128     17.70%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            26315247     13.20%     87.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            16057932      8.06%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             5558442      2.79%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2802615      1.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       199298815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     74      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      10      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     7      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      6      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                   8691      0.09%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                   1093      0.01%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   121      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    7      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                4982447     49.68%     49.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 33231      0.33%     50.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           2485300     24.78%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          2518732     25.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            162835      0.06%      0.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             179001537     63.97%     64.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                43117      0.02%     64.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 35655      0.01%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                7267      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                12172      0.00%     64.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     64.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu              5046976      1.80%     65.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                62598      0.02%     65.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc               80001      0.03%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift               3159      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               4      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               2      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              39      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               1      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             21      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             39291027     14.04%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            21161671      7.56%     87.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        14950294      5.34%     92.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       19942620      7.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              279800996                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.399005                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    10029719                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.035846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          683699852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         237914527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    231462891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            85246890                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           35370142                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35129875                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              244541221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                45126659                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         29977096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       646414                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1035                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          322                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       331598                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     12394059                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          2027                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 300862                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  807791                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              43040152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           268680687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              41994354                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             41224636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               2669                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   3132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                118171                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            322                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          82344                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       232448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               314792                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             279154556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              54011521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            646440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     95043822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 16845735                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   41032301                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.395773                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      266647122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     266592766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 128472503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 219950257                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.332964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.584098                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed         7284                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged                17336                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated            17662                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.013486                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.032097                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.032700                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP             1335112                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         4238115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             943                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            300598                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    198387618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.331115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.447636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    151488360     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       987628      0.50%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920212      0.46%     77.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       963369      0.49%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2799458      1.41%     79.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210721      0.11%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     41017870     20.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    198387618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            131842700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              264076816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       82240913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      41347907                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   16650941                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   35067692                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 258869506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              2634375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        88217      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        176512475     66.84%     66.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           41976      0.02%     66.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            35254      0.01%     66.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           4826      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd           10916      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu         5011181      1.90%     68.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt           54130      0.02%     68.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc          74560      0.03%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          2304      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            3      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            2      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt           37      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            1      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           21      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        31379928     11.88%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       20958000      7.94%     88.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      9967979      3.77%     92.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     19935006      7.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         264076816                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              41017870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted          37843837                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      91.525399                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted         77003142                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    58.405313                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2    29.159372                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    425684679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   537549343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           13173                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          701186                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   131842700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     264076816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.516959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.516959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.659213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.659213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                492321513                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               222570229                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  40353446                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 30022223                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  64649818                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 85139914                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               123885801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.318973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            52507803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             37647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1394.740696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            259500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1023.318973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         105071671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        105071671                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     11603978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        11603978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     40866120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       40866120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     52470098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         52470098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     52470098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        52470098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         19311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        27603                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27603                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        46914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          46914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        46914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         46914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1169311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1169311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1632340971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1632340971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2801651971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2801651971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2801651971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2801651971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     11623289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11623289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     40893723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40893723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     52517012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52517012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     52517012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52517012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60551.550930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60551.550930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59136.360939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59136.360939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59718.889265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59718.889265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59718.889265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59718.889265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                56                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             355                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.232143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    84.230986                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        36623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             36623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         8698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         9219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    625730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1562459971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562459971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2188190471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2188190471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2188190471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2188190471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58958.871196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58958.871196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57693.670002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57693.670002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58049.886484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58049.886484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58049.886484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58049.886484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  36623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.747093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             7440696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             42730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            174.132834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   510.747093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          14941416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         14941416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst      7397966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         7397966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst      7397966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          7397966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst      7397966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         7397966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        51377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         51377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        51377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          51377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        51377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         51377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1958092510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1958092510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1958092510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1958092510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1958092510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1958092510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7449343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7449343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7449343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      7449343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7449343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      7449343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38112.239134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38112.239134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38112.239134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38112.239134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38112.239134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38112.239134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       464511                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         8497                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              7640                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.799869                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   283.233333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        42172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             42172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst         8647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst         8647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst         8647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1657598665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657598665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1657598665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657598665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1657598665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657598665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38792.386263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38792.386263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38792.386263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38792.386263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38792.386263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38792.386263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  42172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           119301                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified              119303                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    2                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                 20913                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29530.656266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     97000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.624443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   7543000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   29149.277204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher   381.379062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.889565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.011639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.901204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         30052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        30052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.011566                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917114                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1368928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1368928                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        33569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            33569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        45075                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            45075                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             17158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 17158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst          35937                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              35937                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          7377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              7377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                35937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                24535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    60472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst               35937                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               24535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   60472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data             48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            9897                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9897                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6715                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6715                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         3215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               6715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              13112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              6715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             13112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data        50500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        50500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1123662500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1123662500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840420000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    840420000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439495000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    439495000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1563157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2403577500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1563157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2403577500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        33569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        45075                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        45075                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         27055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42652                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          42652                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10592                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10592                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            42652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            37647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                80299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           42652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           37647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               80299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.365810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.365810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.157437                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.157437                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.303531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.157437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.348288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.246915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.157437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.348288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.246915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data  1052.083333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1052.083333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 113535.667374                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113535.667374                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 125155.621742                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125155.621742                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136701.399689                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136701.399689                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 125155.621742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119215.794692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121227.492813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 125155.621742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119215.794692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121227.492813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                       218                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                3775                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3775                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total               31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data             33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher        20223                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          20223                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            48                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6715                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6715                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3213                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3213                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          6715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         13079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             19794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher        20223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            40017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher   1380962576                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1380962576                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1463000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1463000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    911935000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911935000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699404501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    699404501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371294002                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371294002                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699404501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1283229002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1982633503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699404501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1283229002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher   1380962576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3363596079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.364665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.157437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.303342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.157437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.347411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.246504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.157437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.347411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.498350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 68286.731741                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68286.731741                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30479.166667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30479.166667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92432.090006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92432.090006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104155.547431                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104155.547431                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115559.913477                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115559.913477                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104155.547431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98113.693860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100163.357735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104155.547431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98113.693860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 68286.731741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84054.178949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                           6191                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         44485                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6332                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               50                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          28380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        41353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        41376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        82729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  82729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1343744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1345472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2689216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2689216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             38294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   38294    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               38294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            39071774                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy            39162200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          205535221                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       159220                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        78806                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          285                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1775                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1775                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             53322                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        45226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq            23469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              48                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         42730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       112013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                239567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4753280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               10182016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           29738                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    246592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           110085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.018795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.135799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 108016     98.12%     98.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2069      1.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             110085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          158405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          64105479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          56512464                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
