
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28119                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    44184                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13226745                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67550520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7560.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   212592027                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     334046914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        289216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data        798528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     37096896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          38184640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       289216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       289216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks     36780224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       36780224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst           4519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data          12477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher       579639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             596635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks       574691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            574691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst          2892160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data          7985280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    370968960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            381846400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2892160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2892160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks     367802240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           367802240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks     367802240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst         2892160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data         7985280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    370968960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           749648640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    574691.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4519.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples    579639.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.005413133652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds        34819                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds        34819                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState            1679424                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState            540478                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     596635                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    574691                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   596635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  574691                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              38184640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               36776256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               38184640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            36780224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            18553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            18804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            18946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            18865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            18729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            18715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            18704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            18752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            18692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            18613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           18579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           18586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           18679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           18634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           18547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           18557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16           18483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17           18498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18           18607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19           18629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20           18641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21           18603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22           18629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23           18580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24           18636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25           18658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26           18611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27           18616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28           18705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29           18648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30           18552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31           18584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            17976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            17987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            17987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            17924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           17891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           17905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18           17921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19           17891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21           17954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23           17939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24           18017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25           17959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26           17948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27           17977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28           18019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29           18007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31           17894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999932000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               596635                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              574691                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 455591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  69394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  35485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  23321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  10255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                  5761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                  6453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                 27895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                 33278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                 34577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                 35468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                 35482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                 35737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                 35382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                 35365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                 35599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                 36034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                 35904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                 36083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                 36053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                 35869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                 36291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                 35919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                   864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                   144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       241315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   310.632128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   252.031603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.577111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30511     12.64%     12.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39240     16.26%     28.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        91862     38.07%     66.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37068     15.36%     82.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        28904     11.98%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4484      1.86%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2839      1.18%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1642      0.68%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4765      1.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       241315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.134984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.540237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    68.923739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        34815     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13055            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        34819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.503317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.466364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.165869                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           28312     81.31%     81.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             468      1.34%     82.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2850      8.19%     90.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2211      6.35%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             527      1.51%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             243      0.70%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22             147      0.42%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23              21      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24              15      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25              12      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               6      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        34819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       289216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       798528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     37096896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36776256                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2892160.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7985280.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 370968960.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 367762560.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4519                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12477                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher       579639                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       574691                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    436299251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    991463659                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  27157044550                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2893234769673                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     96547.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     79463.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     46851.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   5034418.10                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 18148468040                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            28584807460                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1987987820                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    30418.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47910.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      381.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      367.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   381.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   367.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     29.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  468747                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 461200                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               80.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     85373.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   79.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            377241123.168005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            501537236.827199                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           1257499438.943997                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          1080172957.919999                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        12171927832.577570                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        13229875975.982370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        458698399.219200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   27219371190.681591                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   3874949799.840568                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    18898136960.304012                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          79071660655.209915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           790.716607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         83723070821                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    286750459                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3074775533                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  31347904067                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   8072783206                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12915403187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44302383548                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            375366753.216005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            499036993.324801                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           1252136385.023998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          1079567840.063992                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        10546879875.872940                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        12961837438.300791                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        365402196.633599                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   24201271393.689564                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   2018072048.159677                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23845773001.948799                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          77146296381.100571                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           771.462964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         84182847511                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    171479809                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2664550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  40588309487                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4204331147                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12981050179                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39390279378                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        305536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data        796928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     37098432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          38200896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       305536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       305536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks     36780352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       36780352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst           4774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data          12452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher       579663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             596889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks       574693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            574693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst          3055360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data          7969280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    370984320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            382008960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3055360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         3055360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks     367803520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           367803520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks     367803520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst         3055360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data         7969280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    370984320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           749812480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    574693.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4774.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12452.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples    579663.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.004918039652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds        34867                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds        34867                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState            1678658                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            540433                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     596889                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    574693                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   596889                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  574693                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              38200896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               36776704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               38200896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            36780352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            18561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            18747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            19172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            18910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            18730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            18722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            18700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            18752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            18683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            18602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           18590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           18577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           18677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           18631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           18545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           18565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16           18479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17           18507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18           18597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19           18644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20           18640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21           18610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22           18627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23           18610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24           18640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25           18657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26           18619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27           18606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28           18700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29           18655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30           18551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31           18583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            17924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            17976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            17986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            17983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            17919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           17898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           17902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19           17891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21           17955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22           18020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23           17938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25           17959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26           17952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27           17979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29           18006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30           17921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31           17895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99999851500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               596889                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              574693                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 455499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  69951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  35476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  23228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  10325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                  5499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                  6136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                 27595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                 33277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                 34599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                 35511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                 35535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                 35761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                 35423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                 35479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                 35686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                 36030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                 36000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                 36091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                 36057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                 35973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                 36240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                 36018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                   974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                   465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                   160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       242249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   309.500522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   251.135538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.956290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30704     12.67%     12.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39807     16.43%     29.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        92423     38.15%     67.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37143     15.33%     82.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        28210     11.65%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4698      1.94%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2960      1.22%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1725      0.71%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4579      1.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       242249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.118766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.510552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    73.014638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        34862     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13568-13823            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        34867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.480798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.444865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.150519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           28676     82.24%     82.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             433      1.24%     83.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2752      7.89%     91.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2022      5.80%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             540      1.55%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             229      0.66%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22             134      0.38%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              37      0.11%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24              22      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               9      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26              10      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        34867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       305536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       796928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     37098432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36776704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3055360.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7969280.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 370984320.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 367767040.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4774                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12452                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher       579663                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       574693                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    564719195                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1000021030                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  27036873623                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2848381083346                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst    118290.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     80310.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     46642.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4956352.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 18160831460                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            28601613848                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1988834148                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    30425.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47917.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      382.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      367.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   382.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   367.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     28.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  468447                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 460823                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               80.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     85354.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   79.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            379430487.072005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            504435529.046399                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           1258378559.155198                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          1080165440.927997                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        12562604323.447737                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        13390100936.351984                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        487913652.441599                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   27825392493.158413                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   4365996502.560574                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    17759995718.976009                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          79618007113.175507                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           796.180071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         83487650421                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    332342074                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3173800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  29103235907                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9095850127                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13006161004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  45288610888                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            376102778.688005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            500011383.412800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           1252325669.279996                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          1079601666.527995                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        10548265253.500139                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        12880304216.639980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        366763283.980800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   24207763515.801640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   2061820541.759677                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23837714110.795177                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          77111141768.572998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           771.111418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         84276954737                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    171064111                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2664900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  40581048200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4295488685                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12886982651                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39400516353                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                44760643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          44760643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           3192348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             23765358                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2684042                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             524539                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        23765358                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            8004917                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses         15760441                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      2265002                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches            0                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict     20335117                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong        228108                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured     39300553                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts    107390201                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount     64340382                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache    160016812                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable      4873989                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     2.732537                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.637137                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains     26256016                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains            0                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident     0.000000                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    51503198                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    19054804                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        179216                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         79952                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    24923574                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                         15690                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups               125607098                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed              35368999                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed              196906                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed            3200215                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed         11365922                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect             38569214                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect           11562828                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                35565905                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed             14566137                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.446363                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                91.702670                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved             103582387                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                 37470                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.029831                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        28.315203                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade         125607098                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads            50132042                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency        147853836                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       2.949288                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   313                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           13006833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts           224513130                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps            182218667                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps             345054139                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      312730951                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                        527781976                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable           141379763                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    45.208113                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2    26.787531                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    44760643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           10688959                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     179606044                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 6717394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles               130207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         79142                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        47016                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       313915                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  24912262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                257046                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      88                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          196542706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.540485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.433826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                118482884     60.28%     60.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  4547324      2.31%     62.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  3732144      1.90%     64.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  3776671      1.92%     66.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4598594      2.34%     68.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  4137665      2.11%     70.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  4557155      2.32%     73.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 12135586      6.17%     79.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 40574683     20.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            196542706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.223803                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.563655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.654413                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.717911                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                      178235558                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations     31772431                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates    160227860                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates    306094480                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp            58279                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps           21115                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps         30679                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            757                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess           10258                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 38440670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              98492131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  13056662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              43194546                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                3358697                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              415679638                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts              14635665                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                3358697                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 45382086                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                73474147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          22674                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  36703126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              37601976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              393791263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts               7298316                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  5206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                1555906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               20890803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents            18578                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           441455890                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1017802531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        470319281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups         269259494                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             377175312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 64280484                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            556                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 132175905                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             55262875                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            21176459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           4799024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1429426                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  381462091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              668950                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 368871415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             94249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        48084051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     64038258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         636627                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     196542706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.876800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.758890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            62436130     31.77%     31.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            32080808     16.32%     48.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            34889489     17.75%     65.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            26669104     13.57%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            22824012     11.61%     91.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            10150709      5.16%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             7492454      3.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       196542706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    548      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    28      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      4      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                 167989     11.98%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     10      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                   1249      0.09%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                287122     20.48%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   17      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 6      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     32.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt              6584      0.47%     33.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            276417     19.72%     52.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     52.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult             6669      0.48%     53.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     53.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     53.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 408546     29.15%     82.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                127899      9.12%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             92735      6.62%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            25876      1.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1234417      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             201992743     54.76%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              4678144      1.27%     56.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 10954      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               26946      0.01%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                19612      0.01%     56.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             14656769      3.97%     60.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                 2830      0.00%     60.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt               164939      0.04%     60.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc             7206144      1.95%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift               4683      0.00%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd        18688122      5.07%     67.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     67.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     67.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt         9467673      2.57%     69.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv        14020416      3.80%     73.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     73.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult       21037534      5.70%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt        2335975      0.63%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             34545829      9.37%     89.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            10295386      2.79%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        19009057      5.15%     97.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        9473242      2.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              368871415                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.844357                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1401699                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.003800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          665220122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         294892398                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    225693060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           270561356                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          135324649                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134777136                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              233330910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses               135707787                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          5844935                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6672921                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3834                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3387378                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2948                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          6025                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                3358697                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 8785346                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              63756254                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           382131041                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              55262875                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             21176459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             228516                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  61940                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               1452131                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           2148                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         701655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2887975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3589630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             362201572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              51470482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           6669837                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     70519171                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 22563766                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   19048689                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.811008                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      361031434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     360470196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 223529432                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 381948966                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.802351                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.585234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed       173767                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged               104538                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated           111842                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.337605                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.203103                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.217293                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP            14595762                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        43792453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           32323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           3356954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    186935238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.786966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.279029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     95203747     50.93%     50.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21017483     11.24%     62.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10500661      5.62%     67.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11586822      6.20%     73.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     14708712      7.87%     81.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5074083      2.71%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     28843730     15.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    186935238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            212592027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              334046914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       66379020                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      48589942                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       21340                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   20082475                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                  134660274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 234582735                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1193698                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       346299      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        175108332     52.42%     52.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         4677518      1.40%     53.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            10824      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          17258      0.01%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     53.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd           18104      0.01%     53.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     53.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        14602368      4.37%     58.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            2098      0.00%     58.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt          159630      0.05%     58.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        7190395      2.15%     60.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          3960      0.00%     60.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd     18688044      5.59%     66.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt      9467435      2.83%     68.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv     14015850      4.20%     73.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult     21023805      6.29%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt      2335974      0.70%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        29622789      8.87%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        8339013      2.50%     91.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     18967153      5.68%     97.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      9450065      2.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         334046914                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              28843730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted          35229232                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      72.503137                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted        130229141                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    61.257773                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2    38.985285                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    535930875                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   765386255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          133237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         3457295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   212592027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     334046914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.940769                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.940769                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.062960                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.062960                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                447284210                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               196517225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                 287843724                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                139193838                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 121599395                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 85496792                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               117805510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.767279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            63220038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1321816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             47.828168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            324500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1021.767279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         127862344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        127862344                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     45295014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        45295014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16602074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16602074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     61897088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         61897088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     61897088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        61897088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       182460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        182460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1190716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1190716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1373176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1373176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1373176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1373176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5709989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5709989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34077985999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34077985999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39787974999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39787974999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39787974999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39787974999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     45477474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45477474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17792790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17792790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     63270264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     63270264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     63270264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     63270264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31294.470021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31294.470021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28619.743078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28619.743078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28975.145938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28975.145938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28975.145938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28975.145938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          978                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        78964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                90                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.866667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    97.486420                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1320792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1320792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        50351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        50641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        50641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       132109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       132109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1190426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1190426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1322535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1322535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1322535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1322535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3615225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3615225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31686391999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31686391999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35301616999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35301616999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35301616999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35301616999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27365.470937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27365.470937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26617.691481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26617.691481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26692.387724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26692.387724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26692.387724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26692.387724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1320792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.242642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            24836511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            343225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             72.362185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   507.242642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          50156705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         50156705                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     24493286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        24493286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     24493286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         24493286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     24493286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        24493286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       413454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        413454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst       413454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         413454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       413454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        413454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10622728335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10622728335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10622728335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10622728335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10622728335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10622728335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     24906740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24906740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     24906740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24906740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     24906740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24906740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25692.648602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25692.648602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25692.648602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25692.648602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25692.648602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25692.648602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2188077                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4571                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             67589                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.373271                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   123.540541                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks       342095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            342095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        70229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        70229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        70229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        70229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        70229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        70229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       343225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       343225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       343225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       343225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       343225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       343225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9205010322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9205010322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9205010322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9205010322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9205010322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9205010322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26819.172036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26819.172036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26819.172036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26819.172036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26819.172036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26819.172036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 342095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          8743526                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified             8743526                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                668354                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 22414.053948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4450253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2819797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.578218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   1257000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   22323.362039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher    90.691909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.681255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.002768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.684023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022            34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        21312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.001038                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968445                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  29427765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 29427765                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1310905                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1310905                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks       350549                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           350549                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           1166805                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1166805                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst         332714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             332714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        129942                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            129942                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               332714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              1296747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1629461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              332714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             1296747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1629461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data            717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           22942                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22942                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9293                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             9293                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               9293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              25069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              9293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             25069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1384500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1384500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3588272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3588272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1683143500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1683143500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480648500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    480648500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1683143500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4068920500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5752064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1683143500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4068920500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5752064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1310905                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1310905                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks       350549                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       350549                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data          719                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              719                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1189747                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1189747                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       342007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         342007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       132069                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        132069                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst           342007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          1321816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1663823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          342007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1321816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1663823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997218                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.997218                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019283                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.019283                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.027172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016105                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016105                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.027172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.018966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.020652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.027172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.018966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.020652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data  1930.962343                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1930.962343                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 156406.241827                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156406.241827                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 181119.498547                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181119.498547                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 225974.847203                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225974.847203                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 181119.498547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 162308.847581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167396.077062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 181119.498547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 162308.847581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167396.077062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                       121                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1149385                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1149385                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data             133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      1163475                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        1163475                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          717                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           717                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9293                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         9293                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2125                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          9293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         24936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      1163475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1197704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  91481038160                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91481038160                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21834000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21834000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3049626000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3049626000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1487990500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1487990500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435346500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435346500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1487990500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3484972500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4972963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1487990500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3484972500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  91481038160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96454001160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997218                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997218                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.020573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.719851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 78627.420581                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78627.420581                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30451.882845                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30451.882845                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 133691.026259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133691.026259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 160119.498547                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160119.498547                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 204868.941176                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204868.941176                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 160119.498547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 139756.677093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145285.079903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 160119.498547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 139756.677093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 78627.420581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80532.419663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1159603                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2353850                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1160944                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1170720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1149384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1170720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1773421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1773953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3547374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3547374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     74964864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     74981248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    149946112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               149946112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1194248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1194248    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1194248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3898803357                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          3898844966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6416973963                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3328647                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1662998                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4292                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4261                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4227                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           34                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            475294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2460290                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       351982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq          1245656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1189747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1189747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        343225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       132069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1027327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3965862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4993189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43782528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    169126912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              212909440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2406477                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  73638592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4071019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4062466     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8519      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     34      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4071019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3327210500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         514852470                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1983103959                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
