
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  16758                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    44632                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               19407189                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67435640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5152.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86351281                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     229975432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        221184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data       2906432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     19701056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          22828672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       221184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       221184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks     20482816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       20482816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst           3456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data          45413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher       307829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             356698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks       320044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            320044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst          2211840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         29064320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    197010560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            228286720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2211840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2211840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks     204828160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           204828160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks     204828160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst         2211840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        29064320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    197010560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           433114880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    320044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3456.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     45409.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples    307828.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.005326227652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds        18251                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds        18251                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState            1020003                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState            303819                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     356698                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    320044                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   356698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  320044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              22828352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               20479104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               22828672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            20482816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            11342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            11417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            10946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            10951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            11635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            11097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            11189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            11403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            11071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           11623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           10672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           11466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           10757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           11126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           10379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16           12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17           11091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18           10919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19           10695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20           10925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21           11696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22           11368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23           10642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24           11336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25           11093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26           11385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27           10834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28           10964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29           11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30           10707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31           11187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            10224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            10125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            10317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             9670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             9886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            10347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             9862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             9921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            10164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             9821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           10453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           10224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            9616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            9905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16           10984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17           10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18            9760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19            9706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20            9791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21           10723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22            9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23            9679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24           10202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25            9961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26           10361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27            9801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28            9837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29           10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30            9646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31            9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999830500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               356698                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              320044                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 278835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  33010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  19722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  16608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   8064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                  9676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                 10851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                 15843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                 18608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                 18815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                 18888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                 18994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                 18909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                 18851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                 19013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                 19125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                 19211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                 19431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                 19064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                 19051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                 18377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                 18316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                 18291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                   182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       132630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   326.524979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.209093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   317.779052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43573     32.85%     32.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28480     21.47%     54.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16800     12.67%     66.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11303      8.52%     75.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7406      5.58%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4769      3.60%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3701      2.79%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3324      2.51%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13274     10.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       132630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.543148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   101.078229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        18248     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13568-13823            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        18251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.532519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.470412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.497714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            7424     40.68%     40.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             680      3.73%     44.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            5660     31.01%     75.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2872     15.74%     91.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             951      5.21%     96.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             509      2.79%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22             114      0.62%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23              24      0.13%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               9      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               4      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        18251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       221184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2906176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     19700992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     20479104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2211840.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29061760.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 197009920.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 204791040.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3456                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        45413                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher       307829                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       320044                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    180444884                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2719107849                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  13308761584                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5099763141666                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     52212.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     59875.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     43234.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  15934568.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  9969040361                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            16208314317                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1188501076                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27948.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45440.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      228.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      204.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   228.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   204.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.49                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     51.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  310864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 233184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               72.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    147766.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   80.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            205407244.224003                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            273086297.769600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           750339616.051175                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          599115537.887995                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        15503761025.991581                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        21283240221.230759                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        713917774.617645                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   20146335936.921555                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   13889242080.000431                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    9580444592.678402                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          82964574542.538940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           829.645745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         73827775911                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    818837722                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3916850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  12105664240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  28935913449                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21432338207                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  32790396382                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            208235952.288002                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            276842882.534399                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           750024142.291174                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          603550563.167994                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        15869500719.572163                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        21505791677.026073                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        723617765.068848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   20965921187.635120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   14100010538.880497                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    8390270356.876801                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          83414358892.804947                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           834.143589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         73553850275                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    827130475                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   4009250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  10054813480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29374968167                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21609671743                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  34124166135                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        203264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data       2918144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     19682816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          22804224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       203264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       203264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks     20485632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20485632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst           3176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data          45596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher       307544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             356316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks       320088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            320088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst          2032640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         29181440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    196828160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            228042240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2032640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2032640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks     204856320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           204856320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks     204856320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst         2032640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        29181440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    196828160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           432898560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    320088.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3176.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     45590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples    307538.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.004166547806                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds        18253                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds        18253                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState            1019744                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            303805                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     356316                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    320088                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   356316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  320088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              22803456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20482240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               22804224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20485632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            10924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            10952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            11689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            11063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            11153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            11402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            11079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           11640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           10687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           11471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           10745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           10389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16           12188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17           11089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18           10937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19           10682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20           10893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21           11689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22           11145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23           10630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24           11285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25           11057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26           11378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27           10838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28           10969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29           11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30           10692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31           11175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            10241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            10142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            10321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             9662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            10381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             9853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             9879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             9837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           10469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            9528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            9609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            9366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16           10977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17           10093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18            9776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19            9681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20            9793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21           10709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22            9938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23            9677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24           10198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25            9951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26           10357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27            9825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28            9821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29           10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30            9623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31            9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99999951500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               356316                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              320088                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 278288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  32928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  19804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  16635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   8225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                  9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                 10883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                 15979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                 18640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                 18802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                 18869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                 18932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                 18885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                 18807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                 18964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                 19096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                 19138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                 19458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                 19100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                 19049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                 18355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                 18297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                 18286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                   214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       132334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   327.091390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.637263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   318.013827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43411     32.80%     32.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28208     21.32%     54.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17088     12.91%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11223      8.48%     75.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7327      5.54%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4797      3.62%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3659      2.76%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3292      2.49%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13329     10.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       132334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.520079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    99.498097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        18247     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        18253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.533282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.471477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.493118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            7420     40.65%     40.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             669      3.67%     44.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            5627     30.83%     75.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2958     16.21%     91.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             936      5.13%     96.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             469      2.57%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22             138      0.76%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              27      0.15%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               4      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        18253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       203264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2917760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     19682432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     20482240                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2032640.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29177600.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 196824320.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 204822400.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3176                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        45596                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher       307544                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       320088                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    155245188                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2803608171                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  13346433681                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5100143025627                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     48880.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     61488.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     43396.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  15933565.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 10072817472                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            16305287040                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1187204928                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28270.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               45762.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      228.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      204.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   228.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   204.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.50                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     51.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  310742                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 233260                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               72.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    147840.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   80.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            205238831.616002                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            272862395.366400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           750436361.337572                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          599295945.695994                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        15506531781.245979                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        21526664368.608395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        723647673.100846                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   19994888572.108761                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   13868577149.280512                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    9580718635.017588                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          83050585600.348373                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           830.505856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         73527484333                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    836028082                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3917550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  12091416160                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  28892898541                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21718133025                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  32543974192                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            207487451.808003                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            275839468.060800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           748291139.769573                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          603554321.663993                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        15739275222.615440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        21484078217.885201                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        736680505.881646                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   20609751648.460796                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   14037882600.000507                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    8871756793.233599                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          83337254095.065506                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           833.372541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         73557060688                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    852783134                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3976350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  10767051440                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29245544248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21613713672                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  33544557506                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                46273876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          46273876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2864546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             28598116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 3159477                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             530880                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        28598116                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           15160861                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses         13437255                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      2140223                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches        16255                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict     38274883                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong        172901                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured     23594937                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts     85284351                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount     31867168                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache    169424170                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable      7283299                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     3.614519                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.350593                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains      5416908                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains      3262678                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident    60.231372                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    33017838                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    21777967                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        189240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         40884                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    26912284                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          7469                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                85606110                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed              18230062                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed              248997                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed            2618384                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed          9879798                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect             20848446                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect           10128795                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                18479059                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed             12498182                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                98.652545                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                87.440867                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved              66088844                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                 18927                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.022109                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        21.586145                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade          85606110                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads            30977241                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency        127561024                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       4.117895                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                 56809                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           17688960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts            83366386                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps            253573402                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps             149768233                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      175264249                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                        403874936                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable            35180297                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    20.072717                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2     8.710691                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    46273876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           18320338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     175415602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 6067358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles               147894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         33552                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            9                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       425944                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  26907014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                371328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          196745946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.889855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.028483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                132456924     67.32%     67.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  4766104      2.42%     69.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  4570144      2.32%     72.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  4324243      2.20%     74.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4909229      2.50%     76.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  5476414      2.78%     79.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  7258268      3.69%     83.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  9503388      4.83%     88.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 23481232     11.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            196745946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.231369                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.876321                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.371319                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.475661                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                       79025837                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations     33495862                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates    169583179                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates    168193987                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp            38629                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps           14659                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps         16076                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            597                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess            6374                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 31724419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             120343632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  12433573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              29210643                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                3033679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              302117563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts              11296800                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                3033679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 40101624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                59332701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles        3904230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  25300560                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              65073152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              282918267                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts               6709397                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  4342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                1191935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               53130370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents             1823                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           298349533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             738200923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        425053097                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          30401008                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             240067093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 58282393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts              59786                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts          59782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 122239775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             35800223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            23402168                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            639583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           534931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  270893263                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              523205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 259733941                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            135166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        41441009                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     57944069                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         464986                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     196745946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.320149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.687051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           102891491     52.30%     52.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            19968377     10.15%     62.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            25639623     13.03%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            20197296     10.27%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            16593748      8.43%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             7213028      3.67%     97.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             4242383      2.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       196745946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    32      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     16      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                 421763     13.56%     13.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                   4203      0.14%     13.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                   2317      0.07%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   854      0.03%     13.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     13.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     13.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  857      0.03%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 430243     13.83%     27.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                502032     16.14%     43.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           1746167     56.14%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             1831      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           9983937      3.84%      3.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             180026801     69.31%     73.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               151978      0.06%     73.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    35      0.00%     73.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               58422      0.02%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd               475516      0.18%     73.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     73.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu              3025888      1.16%     74.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp              3064435      1.18%     75.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt              3026115      1.17%     76.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc             2590759      1.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift              65526      0.03%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               7      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              47      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              31      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              6      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             28072928     10.81%     88.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            22241681      8.56%     97.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         6937060      2.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          12769      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              259733941                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.298670                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3110315                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.011975                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          678598729                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         292065970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    232731083                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            40860575                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           20792862                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18276134                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              231367142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                21493177                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          2263557                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5706766                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        17257                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2362086                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3475                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        724371                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                3033679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                14487253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              43864250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           271416468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              35800223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             23402168                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             216008                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  90050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               7330954                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           1566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         628541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2639190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3267731                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             253240140                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              32939999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           6493796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     54712399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 27498084                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   21772400                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.266201                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      251345259                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     251007217                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 144288912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 246052041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.255036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.586416                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed       201713                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged                64815                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated            70343                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.612365                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.196767                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.213549                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP            14297997                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        37077050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           58219                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           3032456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    188723725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.218583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.070301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    126236737     66.89%     66.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11014593      5.84%     72.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12392723      6.57%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9482858      5.02%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4059714      2.15%     86.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3734637      1.98%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21802463     11.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    188723725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             86351281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              229975432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       51133537                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      30093456                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         940                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   25731315                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   17754088                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 211284189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1644730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      9201399      4.00%      4.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        157672461     68.56%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          149758      0.07%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               35      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          16790      0.01%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd          458842      0.20%     72.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu         2861651      1.24%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp         2949636      1.28%     75.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt         2934398      1.28%     76.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        2552030      1.11%     77.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift         44840      0.02%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            5      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt           17      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv           29      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            4      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        24218831     10.53%     88.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       21030023      9.14%     97.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      5874625      2.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        10058      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         229975432                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              21802463                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted          18180851                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      60.414633                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted         22403354                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    25.944437                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2     9.741629                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    433973744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   542212170                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          153286                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         3254055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    86351281                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     229975432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.316121                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.316121                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.431756                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.431756                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                400715900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               187224383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  34597423                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 20068454                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 155419656                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 63255484                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                93810948                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.545579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            50655386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            972896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             52.066599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.545579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         102996228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        102996228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     29364170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        29364170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     20315971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20315971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     49680141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         49680141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     49680141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        49680141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       602251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        602251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       729274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       729274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1331525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1331525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1331525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1331525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22202193500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22202193500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26390816468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  26390816468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48593009968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48593009968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48593009968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48593009968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     29966421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29966421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     21045245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21045245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     51011666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51011666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     51011666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51011666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36865.349331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36865.349331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36187.792884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36187.792884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36494.252806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36494.252806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36494.252806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36494.252806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1165034                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets           30413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    38.307106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       971872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            971872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data       356512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       356512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data       356873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       356873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data       356873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       356873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       245739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       245739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       728913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       728913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       974652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       974652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       974652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       974652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9651366500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9651366500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24925476468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24925476468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34576842968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34576842968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34576842968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34576842968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39274.866830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39274.866830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34195.406678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34195.406678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35476.090921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35476.090921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35476.090921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35476.090921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 971872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           445.015598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            26802471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            516451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             51.897413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   445.015598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.869171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          54310313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         54310313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     26286020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        26286020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     26286020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         26286020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     26286020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        26286020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       610911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        610911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst       610911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         610911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       610911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        610911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  13803564145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13803564145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  13803564145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13803564145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  13803564145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13803564145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     26896931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26896931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     26896931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     26896931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     26896931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     26896931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22595.049271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22595.049271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22595.049271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22595.049271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22595.049271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22595.049271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2693262                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4660                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs            100697                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.746199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   202.608696                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks       514614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            514614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        94460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        94460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        94460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        94460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        94460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        94460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       516451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       516451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       516451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       516451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12295545520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12295545520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12295545520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12295545520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12295545520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12295545520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23807.767862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23807.767862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23807.767862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23807.767862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23807.767862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23807.767862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 514614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          4483241                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified             4483241                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                464263                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29980.760375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3485456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2092687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.665541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   1293000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   28409.745558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher  1571.014817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.866997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.047944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.914940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         30849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        21873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.028900                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941437                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  25889599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 25889599                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       943520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           943520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks       541923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           541923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data                9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            672876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                672876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst         507887                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             507887                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        203683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            203683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               507887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               876559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1384446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              507887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              876559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1384446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data           1747                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               1747                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           54299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               54299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6632                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6632                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        42038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           42038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               6632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              96337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 102969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              6632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             96337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                102969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3416500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3416500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8540037500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    8540037500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822477000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    822477000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4608530000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4608530000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13148567500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13971044500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13148567500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13971044500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       943520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       943520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks       541923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       541923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        727175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            727175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       514519                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         514519                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       245721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        245721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst           514519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           972896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1487415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          514519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          972896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1487415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994875                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.994875                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.074671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.012890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.171080                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171080                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.012890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.099021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.069227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.012890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.099021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.069227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data  1955.638237                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1955.638237                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 157277.988545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157277.988545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 124016.435464                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124016.435464                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 109627.717779                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109627.717779                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 124016.435464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136485.125134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135682.045082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 124016.435464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136485.125134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135682.045082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                     26999                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              640132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    640132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         5200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total             5200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            5210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                5210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           5210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               5210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher       704655                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total         704655                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1747                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          1747                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        49099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          49099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6632                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42028                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        42028                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         91127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             97759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher       704655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           802414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  46904824689                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46904824689                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53092000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53092000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6725849500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6725849500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    683205000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683205000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3725154500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3725154500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    683205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10451004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11134209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    683205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10451004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  46904824689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58039033689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994875                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994875                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.171040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.539469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 66564.240215                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66564.240215                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30390.383515                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.383515                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136985.468136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136985.468136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103016.435464                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103016.435464                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88635.064719                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88635.064719                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103016.435464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114686.141319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113894.464960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103016.435464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114686.141319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 66564.240215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72330.534723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         679290                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1394169                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       681632                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             664032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       640132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            39158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             48982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            48982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         664032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1053947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1053236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2107183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2107183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     43311488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     43289856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     86601344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                86601344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            714879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  714879    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              714879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2218455158                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          2218283077                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3833399667                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2977589                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1486953                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         5068                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          90610                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        90556                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           54                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            762172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1583652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       542966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           39158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq           814471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           727175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          727175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        516451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       245721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1545584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2921176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4466760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     65864512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    124465152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              190329664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1495693                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  41092096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2984864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.032073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.176296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2889185     96.79%     96.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  95625      3.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     54      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2984864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2975282496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         774733386                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1460347748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
