
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  12052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    23991                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               69328843                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67400128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1442.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    17384462                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      34604388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data       1179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     73986752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          75190144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks     74112832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       74112832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data          18433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher      1156043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1174846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks      1158013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1158013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst           236800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         11797120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    739867520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            751901440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       236800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          236800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks     741128320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           741128320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks     741128320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst          236800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        11797120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    739867520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1493029760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1158013.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       370.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18433.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples   1156043.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000298814652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds        67636                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds        67637                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState            3370912                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState           1093699                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1174846                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1158013                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1174846                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1158013                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              75190144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               74109568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               75190144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            74112832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            36676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            36652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            36620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            36621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            36615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            36642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            36639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            36690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            36737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            36743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           36756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           36799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           36750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17           36739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18           36737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19           36742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20           36786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21           36783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23           36785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24           36766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25           36743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29           36643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30           36624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            36099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            36167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19           36228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20           36270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21           36235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23           36230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24           36239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28           36230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29           36121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30           36110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999952000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1174846                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1158013                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 947368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 107848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  48034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  47097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  24498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                 25959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                 31677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                 62071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                 65586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                 67841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                 70397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                 70325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                 69335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                 69399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                 70089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                 68985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                 69672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                 69756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                 69042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                 70877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                 69407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                 69619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                 67927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       233803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   638.564261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   498.390914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   347.983800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9758      4.17%      4.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35275     15.09%     19.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13838      5.92%     25.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26086     11.16%     36.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20333      8.70%     45.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        21744      9.30%     54.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18150      7.76%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12272      5.25%     67.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        76347     32.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       233803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.369872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.061410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.167344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        67633     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15616-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        67637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.120291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.069727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.344494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           34977     51.71%     51.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            5294      7.83%     59.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           16480     24.37%     83.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            7425     10.98%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            2618      3.87%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             281      0.42%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22             561      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        67636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1179712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     73986752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     74109568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 236800.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11797120.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 739867520.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 741095680.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          370                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18433                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher      1156043                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1158013                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13833673                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    993322596                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  51339828678                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5561157261633                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37388.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     53888.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     44409.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4802327.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 31796578715                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            52346984947                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3914586872                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27064.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44556.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      751.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      741.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   751.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   741.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     57.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1058076                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1040926                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                90.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               89.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     42865.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   89.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            364145483.520007                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            484126751.808001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           2469911368.108794                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          2174797332.959965                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        10722822834.527235                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        23131858074.192062                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        369796502.207998                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   17916548656.742378                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1639666670.879935                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    23171092466.155285                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          82444995485.327805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           824.449955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         72138390506                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    155112000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2709000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  39629466560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3415983047                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24929390495                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29161047898                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            365037446.592001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            485300166.254394                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           2471863099.104000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          2177364385.728043                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        10776852561.988003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        22954921089.307236                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        388375915.468799                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   17991219576.422321                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1825352766.719930                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23145135069.268837                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          82597505896.752136                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           825.975059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         72367430637                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    212785000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2722650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39281994881                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3802824781                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24697134363                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29282610975                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data       1186304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     73980480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          75190400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks     74112256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       74112256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data          18536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher      1155945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1174850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks      1158004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1158004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst           236160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         11863040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    739804800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            751904000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       236160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          236160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks     741122560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           741122560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks     741122560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst          236160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        11863040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    739804800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1493026560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1158004.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       369.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18536.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples   1155946.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000297257652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds        67777                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds        67777                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState            3371549                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState           1095208                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1174851                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1158004                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1174851                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1158004                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              75190464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               74108992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               75190464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            74112256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            36679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            36647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            36622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            36622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            36615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            36645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            36635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            36692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            36737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            36739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           36759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           36754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           36798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           36752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17           36741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18           36739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19           36743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20           36790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21           36784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23           36785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24           36768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26           36738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28           36750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29           36647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30           36623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            36168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17           36225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19           36229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20           36269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21           36230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22           36220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23           36227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24           36241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28           36231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29           36122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30           36109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99999849507                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1174851                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1158004                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 949338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 107709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  47894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  47030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  22879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                 24951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                 31951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                 62316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                 65236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                 67711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                 71583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                 71018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                 68916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                 69696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                 69898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                 68422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                 69618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                 69968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                 69128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                 70476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                 69119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                 69402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                 68408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                   140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       233659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   638.960537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   500.591620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   346.335718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8630      3.69%      3.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36259     15.52%     19.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12468      5.34%     24.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28153     12.05%     36.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17766      7.60%     44.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        22913      9.81%     54.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19987      8.55%     62.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11654      4.99%     67.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        75829     32.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       233659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67777                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.333978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.025513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.114687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        67774    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15616-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        67777                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.084749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.038276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.283321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           34981     51.61%     51.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            6151      9.08%     60.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           15754     23.24%     83.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            8347     12.32%     96.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            2186      3.23%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              71      0.10%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22             287      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        67777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1186304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     73980544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     74108992                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 236160.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11863040.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 739805440.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 741089920.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          369                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18536                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher      1155946                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1158004                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15008562                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    940438527                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  51002102280                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5562212459425                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     40673.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     50735.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     44121.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4803275.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 31407055677                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            51957549369                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3914603532                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26732.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44224.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      751.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      741.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   751.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   741.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     57.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1059108                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1040034                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                90.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               89.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     42865.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   89.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            364136127.264000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            484114312.785597                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           2469894542.841607                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          2174793574.463947                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        10728364345.036032                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        23064344014.622253                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        391442848.204800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   17882719505.817593                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1703442750.239936                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    23154131905.094418                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          82417601947.128632                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           824.176019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         72215877348                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    169250500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2710400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  39597977200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3548844499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24867508512                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29106019289                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            364597702.560006                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            484715532.201594                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           2471900955.955234                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          2177368144.223983                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        10772696429.106405                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        23308467386.198654                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        376898844.134399                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   17875401858.048065                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1699773018.719931                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23013904830.369640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          82545999339.619614                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           825.459993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         71987673176                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    162518000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2721600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39352408400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3541193785                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25128208824                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29094070991                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 2641149                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           2641149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              4049                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2540173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    2063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 85                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2540173                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            2527228                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            12945                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1874                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches            0                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict      2472036                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong          2052                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured        15819                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts       224367                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount       116324                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache       211319                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable         6724                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts    14.183387                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     7.353436                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains         4941                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains            0                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident     0.000000                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       27528                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    18863002                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         36731                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       32211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           198                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                   79719                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed                  9320                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed                  46                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed               1779                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed            14733                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect                11099                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect              14779                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                    9366                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed                16512                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.508862                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                83.971529                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved                 23235                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                  1833                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             2.299326                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        11.748768                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade             79719                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads               25878                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency           111893                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       4.323866                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              42459                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts            17403991                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps               251072                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps              34564479                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       17510083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                         34849032                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable               38263                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1     0.218520                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2     0.109796                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     2641149                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            2529291                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     199874991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    8634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                          7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 5032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2084                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3990                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     32073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          199932890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.174142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.166118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                195555708     97.81%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4731      0.00%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    13230      0.01%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     6030      0.00%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     4384      0.00%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     5169      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     5477      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    14175      0.01%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4323986      2.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            199932890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.013206                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.087550                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.992789                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.993941                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                        2801734                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations        41091                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates       211560                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates     17497068                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp             4070                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps            2053                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps          2139                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            117                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess             271                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  2525183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             193061331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     16455                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               4325604                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   4317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               34703613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                 11935                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   4317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  4292906                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2080682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   2516800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             191035651                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               34676282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                  8985                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              190974625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              110                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            23276010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             109870582                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         53847979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          18779010                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              23185719                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    90291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 27                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             20                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  31007836                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                31031                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            18865371                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              3231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores             1417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   34659256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 109                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  34646385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                97                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           54977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        68384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     199932890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.173290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.544604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           173521486     86.79%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            23012482     11.51%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              686635      0.34%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              712055      0.36%     99.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1886502      0.94%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              103920      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                9810      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       199932890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     11      2.86%      2.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      2.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      5      1.30%      4.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     4      1.04%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    108     28.05%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   180     46.75%     80.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                10      2.60%     82.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               67     17.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              1451      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              15749531     45.46%     45.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 1093      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    24      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  13      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  144      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   90      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 176      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                29977      0.09%     45.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               85765      0.25%     45.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             220      0.00%     45.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       18777901     54.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               34646385                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.173232                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         385                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000011                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          231668872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          15935540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15856590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            37557270                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           18778978                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18778506                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               15866642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                18778677                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             8754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         6204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           119                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   4317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    7539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               2071444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            34659365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                 31031                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             18865371                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     26                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  5467                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3894                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 4637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              34637022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                 27522                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              9363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     18890516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  2612725                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   18862994                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.173185                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       34635425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      34635096                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  12338881                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  15267628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.173175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.808173                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed          103                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged                 1759                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated             1759                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.374246                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      6.391251                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     6.391251                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP                3305                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           49541                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              10                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              4149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    199922168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.173089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.555936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    175908993     87.99%     87.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     18850527      9.43%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82659      0.04%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4893658      2.45%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        80615      0.04%     99.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        49187      0.02%     99.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56529      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    199922168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             17384462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               34604388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       18886992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         24827                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    2610200                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   18778384                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  34570721                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 1967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          619      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         15715350     45.41%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            1086      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             108      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              74      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            130      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           24679      0.07%     45.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          84283      0.24%     45.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          148      0.00%     45.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     18777882     54.26%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          34604388                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 56529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted              9294                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      37.435051                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted            26827                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1     0.154316                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2     0.077525                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    234519568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    69318626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           67111                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    17384462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      34604388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              11.504526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        11.504526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.086922                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.086922                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 53812091                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                10626613                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  18778908                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      513                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  13063976                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 10097403                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                24127501                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.424350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18880324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2348973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.037693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            324500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.424350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          40110439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         40110439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           18005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16513343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16513343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     16531348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         16531348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     16531348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        16531348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      2348774                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2348774                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2349385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2349385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2349385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2349385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39260500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39260500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66781106500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66781106500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66820367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  66820367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66820367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  66820367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     18862117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18862117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     18880733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18880733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     18880733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18880733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64256.137480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64256.137480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28432.325332                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28432.325332                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28441.641962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28441.641962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28441.641962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28441.641962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2707                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   150.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      2347949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2347949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2348774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2348774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2348975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2348975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2348975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2348975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14769500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14769500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62083558500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62083558500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62098328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62098328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62098328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62098328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73480.099502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73480.099502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26432.325332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26432.325332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26436.351174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26436.351174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26436.351174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26436.351174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2347949                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           473.776211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               31627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             39.782390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   473.776211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.925344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             64839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            64839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        30832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           30832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        30832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            30832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        30832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           30832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123954472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123954472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123954472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123954472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123954472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123954472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        32022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        32022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104163.421849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104163.421849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104163.421849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104163.421849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104163.421849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104163.421849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        40098                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1636                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   133.660000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   125.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85036478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85036478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85036478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85036478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85036478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85036478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106964.123270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106964.123270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106964.123270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106964.123270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106964.123270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106964.123270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued         17468014                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified            17468028                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    8                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage               1321148                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31431.536855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6959487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4647434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.497490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   6483000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   31247.999201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher   183.537654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.953613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.005601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.959214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        21117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.005676                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.963684                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  42231706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 42231706                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2347846                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2347846                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          420                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              420                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           2299092                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2299092                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             54                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 54                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data            87                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                87                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              2299179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2299233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             2299179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2299233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           49680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               49680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              49794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  50533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             49794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 50533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6781037500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    6781037500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83038000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     83038000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12371000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     12371000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6793408500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6876446500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6793408500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6876446500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2347846                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2347846                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          420                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          420                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       2348772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2348772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            793                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2348973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2349766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2348973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2349766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021151                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.021151                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931904                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.931904                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567164                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567164                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.931904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.021198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.021506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.931904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.021198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.021506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136494.313607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136494.313607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 112365.358593                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112365.358593                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108517.543860                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108517.543860                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 112365.358593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136430.262682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136078.334949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 112365.358593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136430.262682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136078.334949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                        52                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             2316018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2316018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        12825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total            12825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           12825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               12825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          12825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              12825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      2312591                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        2312591                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         36969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             37708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      2312591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2350299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 178218283656                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 178218283656                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4328858000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4328858000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67519000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67519000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9977000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9977000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4338835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4406354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4338835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 178218283656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 182624637656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.016048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.931904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      1.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 77064.333320                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77064.333320                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 117456.464523                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117456.464523                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91365.358593                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91365.358593                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87517.543860                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87517.543860                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91365.358593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 117364.142931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116854.619709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91365.358593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 117364.142931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 77064.333320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77702.725337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2316437                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4666135                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2316439                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2312841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2316017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2312842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3507918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3507913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      7015831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7015831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    149302976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    149302656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    298605632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               298605632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2349699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2349699    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2349699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8035148647                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          8035091048                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        12668749880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             12.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4698037                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2348267                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            604                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          604                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4663864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq          2439611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2348772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2348772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7045898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7047805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    300602944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              300674112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4756050                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 148225280                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7105818                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7105209     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    609      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7105818                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4697285500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3523460500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
