
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  12391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    24665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               71324826                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67400212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1402.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    17372534                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      34580532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data       1179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     73932288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          75135744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        23744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks     74058304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       74058304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data          18433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher      1155192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1173996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks      1157161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1157161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst           237440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         11797120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    739322880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            751357440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       237440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          237440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks     740583040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           740583040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks     740583040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst          237440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        11797120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    739322880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1491940480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1157161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18433.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples   1155192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000298814652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds        67868                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds        67868                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState            3370966                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState           1093708                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1173996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1157161                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1173996                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1157161                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              75135744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               74054400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               75135744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            74058304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            36677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            36652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            36620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            36621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            36615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            36642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            36639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            36690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            36737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            36743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           36756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           36800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           36750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17           36685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18           36609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19           36614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20           36658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21           36655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23           36657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25           36743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29           36643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30           36624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            36099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            36167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16           36207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17           36126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19           36100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20           36142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21           36107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23           36138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28           36230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29           36121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30           36110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999964000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1173996                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1157161                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 947485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 107916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  47865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  46642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  24087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                 25151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                 31431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                 62157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                 66113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                 67732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                 71114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                 69772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                 69501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                 69563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                 69698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                 68791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                 69495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                 69496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                 69208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                 70762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                 70051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                 69140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                 67939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       234615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   635.887458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   491.732129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.418424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10683      4.55%      4.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36016     15.35%     19.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13277      5.66%     25.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26608     11.34%     36.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19246      8.20%     45.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        20876      8.90%     54.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19201      8.18%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11158      4.76%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        77550     33.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       234615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.298049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.993253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.072212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        67864     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15616-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        67868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.049272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.003671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.271511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           35947     52.97%     52.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            5572      8.21%     61.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           16942     24.96%     86.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            6508      9.59%     95.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            2475      3.65%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             212      0.31%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22             212      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        67868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1179712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     73932288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     74054400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 237440.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11797120.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 739322880.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 740544000.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          371                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18433                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher      1155192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1157161                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12834861                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    925507911                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  50483836801                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5559658059553                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34595.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     50209.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     43701.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4804567.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 30886641541                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            51422179573                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3911754672                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26308.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43800.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      751.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      740.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   751.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   740.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     57.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1057660                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1038819                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                90.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               89.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     42897.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            367859917.152005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            489065043.700802                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           2469919780.742430                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          2174797332.959988                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        10722822834.527235                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        23183483891.601608                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        377010863.308799                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   17851997975.347263                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1656306812.159947                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    23251927507.200043                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          82561448505.480362                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           825.614485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         72111839415                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    186868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2709000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  39608950967                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3450636839                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24988569312                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29055974882                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            363852320.832008                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            483728703.091199                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           2468279317.190427                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          2174158388.640002                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        10765769540.970409                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        23026483996.689663                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        401124893.836802                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   18006433712.332733                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1732828991.039949                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23350173764.971230                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          82830584108.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           828.305841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         72214052987                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    261853692                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2719850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39296724041                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3610065235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24804176820                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29307330212                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data       1184640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     73927616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          75135808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks     74057728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       74057728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data          18510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher      1155119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1173997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks      1157152                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1157152                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst           235520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         11846400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    739276160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            751358080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       235520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          235520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks     740577280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           740577280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks     740577280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst          235520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        11846400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    739276160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1491935360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1157152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       368.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples   1155120.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000297497652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds        67868                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds        67868                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState            3370939                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState           1093707                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1173998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1157152                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1173998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1157152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              75135872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               74054080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               75135872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            74057728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            36679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            36647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            36622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            36622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            36615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            36644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            36635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            36692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            36737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            36739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           36759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           36754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           36798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           36751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           36752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17           36689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18           36611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19           36615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20           36662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21           36656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23           36657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25           36740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26           36738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27           36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28           36750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29           36647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30           36623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31           36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            36168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           36222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           36220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           36220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16           36205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17           36127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19           36101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20           36144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21           36106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23           36142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27           36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28           36231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29           36122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30           36109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31           36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99999861507                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1173998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1157152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 947397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 107919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  47863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  46650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  24168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                 25144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                 31432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                 62149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                 66104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                 67724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                 71118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                 69791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                 69494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                 69571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                 69705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                 68787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                 69493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                 69492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                 69208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                 70761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                 70052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                 69139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                 67939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       234669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   635.739770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   491.525481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.451100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10721      4.57%      4.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36033     15.35%     19.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13262      5.65%     25.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26626     11.35%     36.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19258      8.21%     45.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        20908      8.91%     54.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19177      8.17%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11135      4.74%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        77549     33.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       234669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.298079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.992860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.073644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        67865    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15616-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        67868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.049198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.003608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.271345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           35945     52.96%     52.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            5579      8.22%     61.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16933     24.95%     86.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            6516      9.60%     95.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            2473      3.64%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             210      0.31%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22             212      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        67868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1184640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     73927680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     74054080                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 235520.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11846400.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 739276800.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 740540800.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          368                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher      1155120                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1157152                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15178243                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    931314735                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  50480144509                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5559750248695                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     41245.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     50314.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     43701.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4804684.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30891064471                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            51426637487                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3911761336                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26312.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43804.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      751.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      740.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   751.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   740.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     57.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1057646                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1038775                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                90.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               89.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     42897.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            368050161.024006                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            489313824.148803                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           2469890336.524830                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          2174755989.503989                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        10725593589.781633                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        23192584421.932838                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        377199555.801598                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   17854866587.443207                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1656675464.639943                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    23244826212.854446                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          82570222926.307541                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           825.702229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         72104261584                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    187582500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2709700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  39592263380                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3451407986                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24998455916                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29060590218                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            363833608.320008                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            483703825.046399                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           2468317174.041628                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          2174180939.616003                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        10760228030.461613                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        23023077048.014385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        401429411.980803                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   18001324460.851147                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1723572695.039951                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23372845860.504032                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          82831129909.752243                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           828.311299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         72216676451                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    263444000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2718450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39326840560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3590774558                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24801429549                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29299061333                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 2639707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           2639707                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              4101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2538837                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    2061                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2538837                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            2525452                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            13385                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1920                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches         1768                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict      2623682                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong           700                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured        15961                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts       221123                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount       107475                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache       216454                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable         6819                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts    13.853957                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     6.733601                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains         5622                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains         4870                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident    86.623977                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       27634                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    18849369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         36705                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       32867                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           200                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                   80011                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed                  9337                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed                  46                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed               1770                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed            14721                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect                11107                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect              14767                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                    9383                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed                16491                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.509752                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                84.064104                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved                 23268                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                  1822                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             2.277187                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        11.727138                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade             80011                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads               25874                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency           112605                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       4.352052                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              42822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts            17389502                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps               256999                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps              34535636                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       17498200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                         34826135                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable               39053                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1     0.223183                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2     0.112137                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     2639707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            2527513                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     199876275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    8728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 4977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2105                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4068                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     32727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          199934639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.174025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.165703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                195559811     97.81%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4806      0.00%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    13273      0.01%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     6353      0.00%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     4462      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     5807      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     5294      0.00%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    14177      0.01%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4320656      2.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            199934639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.013199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.087491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.992613                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.993788                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                        2799494                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations        42120                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates       216712                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates     17484836                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp             4058                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps            2045                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps          2133                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            117                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess             271                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  2523729                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             193067228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     16523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               4322795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   4364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               34680955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                 12249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   4364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  4290184                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2079723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   2515295                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             191042539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               34653366                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                  9192                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              190981495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              109                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            23261983                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             109795789                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         53811344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          18765358                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              23170383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    91600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 27                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             20                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  30984985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                31097                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            18851712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              3217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores             1388                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   34635964                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 109                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  34623146                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                91                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           55541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        68561                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     199934639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.173172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.544436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           173541009     86.80%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            22996567     11.50%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              687116      0.34%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              710821      0.36%     99.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1885583      0.94%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              103706      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                9837      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       199934639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      9      2.37%      2.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      2.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      5      1.32%      3.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     4      1.06%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      4.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    110     29.02%     33.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   176     46.44%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                10      2.64%     82.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               65     17.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              1452      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              15739833     45.46%     45.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 1093      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    24      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  13      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  139      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   90      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 176      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     45.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                30073      0.09%     45.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               85775      0.25%     45.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             216      0.00%     45.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       18764262     54.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               34623146                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.173116                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         379                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000011                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          231651428                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          15926464                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15846820                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            37529973                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           18765326                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18764861                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               15857048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                18765025                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             8752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         6270                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3179                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           119                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   4364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    7765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               2070247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            34636073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                 31097                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             18851712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     25                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  5371                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            732                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 4706                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              34613729                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                 27628                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              9417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     18876989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  2611102                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   18849361                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.173069                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       34612022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      34611681                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  12332050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  15260564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.173058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.808099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed          114                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged                 1760                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated             1761                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.412625                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      6.370349                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     6.373968                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP                3481                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           50018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              10                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              4198                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    199923848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.172969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.555721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    175926999     88.00%     88.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     18835594      9.42%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85857      0.04%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4889899      2.45%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        80495      0.04%     99.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48477      0.02%     99.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56527      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    199923848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             17372534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               34580532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       18873360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         24827                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    2608496                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   18764752                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  34546865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 1967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          619      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         15705126     45.42%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            1086      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             108      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              74      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            130      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           24679      0.07%     45.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          84283      0.24%     45.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          148      0.00%     45.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     18764250     54.26%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          34580532                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 56527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted              9314                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      37.515608                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted            27146                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1     0.156258                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2     0.078501                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    234497871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    69271941                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           65362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    17372534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      34580532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              11.512425                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        11.512425                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.086863                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.086863                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 53775097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                10620179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  18765255                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      505                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  13055754                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 10090683                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                24110765                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.428132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18866790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2347269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.037762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            324500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.428132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          40081687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         40081687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           18103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16501415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16501415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     16519518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         16519518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     16519518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        16519518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      2347070                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2347070                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2347691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2347691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2347691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2347691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66805727500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66805727500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66845585500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  66845585500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66845585500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  66845585500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     18848485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18848485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     18867209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18867209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     18867209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18867209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64183.574879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64183.574879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28463.457630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28463.457630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28472.906145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28472.906145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28472.906145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28472.906145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   148.315789                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      2346245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2346245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2347070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2347070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2347272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2347272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2347272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2347272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14869500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14869500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62111589500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62111589500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62126459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62126459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62126459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62126459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73611.386139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73611.386139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26463.458482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26463.458482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26467.515908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26467.515908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26467.515908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26467.515908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2346245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           473.776363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               32264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             40.686003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   473.776363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.925344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             66145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            66145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           31471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            31471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           31471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129288472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    129288472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129288472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    129288472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129288472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    129288472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        32676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        32676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 107293.337759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107293.337759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 107293.337759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107293.337759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 107293.337759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107293.337759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        39803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3083                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   134.016835                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   220.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84167978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84167978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84167978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84167978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84167978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84167978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106138.686003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106138.686003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106138.686003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106138.686003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106138.686003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106138.686003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued         17455327                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified            17455341                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    8                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage               1320227                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31432.644168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6951834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4641466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.497767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   6483000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   31213.253247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher   219.390921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.952553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.006695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.959248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        21068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.006775                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962769                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  42198458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 42198458                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2346142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2346142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           2294823                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2294823                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             52                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 52                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data            88                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                88                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              2294911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2294963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             2294911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2294963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           52245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               52245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              52359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  53098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             52359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 53098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6898792000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    6898792000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82215500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     82215500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12445500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     12445500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6911237500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6993453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6911237500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6993453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2346142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2346142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       2347068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2347068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          791                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            791                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2347270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2348061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2347270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2348061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.934260                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.934260                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.934260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.022306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.022614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.934260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.022306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.022614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 132046.932721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132046.932721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 111252.368065                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111252.368065                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 109171.052632                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109171.052632                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 111252.368065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 131997.125614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131708.407096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 111252.368065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 131997.125614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131708.407096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                        53                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             2314313                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2314313                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        15416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total            15416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           15416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               15416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          15416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              15416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      2310914                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        2310914                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         36943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             37682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      2310914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2348596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 176481800936                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 176481800936                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4244586500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4244586500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66696500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66696500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10051500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10051500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66696500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4254638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4321334500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66696500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4254638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 176481800936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 180803135436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.934260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.934260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.934260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.016048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.934260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      1.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 76368.831093                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76368.831093                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115251.201499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115251.201499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90252.368065                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90252.368065                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88171.052632                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88171.052632                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90252.368065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115167.636629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114679.011199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90252.368065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115167.636629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 76368.831093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76983.497986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2314733                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4662729                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2314736                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2311163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2314313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2311165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3505368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3505353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      7010721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7010721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    149194048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    149193472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    298387520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               298387520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2347996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2347996    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2347996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8024371341                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          8024260744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        12666253473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             12.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4694627                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2346562                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            604                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          604                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4660455                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq          2445437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2347068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2347067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7040788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7042689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    300384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              300455808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4760172                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 148116160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7108235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7107626     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    609      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7108235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4693875500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1189500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3520904500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
