
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007476                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7476196500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 7476196500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45925                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               19741921                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               33888948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   378.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     8621299                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      17391580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        225728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data        416960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher       597248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1239936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       225728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       225728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks       126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst           3527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data           6515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         9332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              19374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks         1984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst         30192893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         55771675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     79886611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            165851178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     30192893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        30192893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks      16984037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            16984037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks      16984037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst        30192893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        55771675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     79886611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           182835216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1984.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3527.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6508.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      9332.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.006366728812                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds          111                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds          111                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState              41756                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState              1855                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      19374                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1984                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    19374                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1239488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 123328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1239936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              126976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16             564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18             685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19             828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20             662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21             882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22             889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23            1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24             783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25             699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27             417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28             406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29             478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30             355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31             482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18              50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19              91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20              87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21             131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22             173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23             257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26              45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                   7476139000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                19374                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  15394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         5449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.669297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.315799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   289.803047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2372     43.53%     43.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1419     26.04%     69.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          512      9.40%     78.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          285      5.23%     84.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          147      2.70%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          117      2.15%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           89      1.63%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      1.49%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          427      7.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         5449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    174.144144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.950293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1099.254548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          104     93.69%     93.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      4.50%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.90%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11520-11775            1      0.90%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.360360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.321261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.173904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              41     36.94%     36.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               6      5.41%     42.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              51     45.95%     88.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              10      9.01%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      1.80%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       225728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       416512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher       597248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       123328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30192892.870057657361                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55711751.289576195180                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 79886610.791998311877                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16496088.619393564761                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3527                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6515                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         9332                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1984                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    189743019                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    300835347                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher    380412214                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 240808634431                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     53797.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     46175.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     40764.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 121375319.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   532223016                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              870990580                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  64530844                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27480.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44972.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      165.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       16.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   165.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    16.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     33.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   14518                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1311                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    350039.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            8214792.768000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            10900729.963200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           37873676.467200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          3333785.952000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        1072282283.452805                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        573020600.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        38193100.646400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   2406560318.668797                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   678830759.039997                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    924591303.484800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          5754085188.902402                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           769.654087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime          6742798831                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37025472                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    270900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1411738360                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1414239126                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    425354009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3916939533                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            8829186.912000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            11692681.056000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           43590060.998400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          3908835.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        1075053038.707205                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        535930577.985599                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        36146303.692800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   2547654066.585601                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   596867157.599997                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    904606848.465600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          5764278757.843193                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           771.017557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime          6790003995                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33645000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    271600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1399972680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1243475331                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    380896497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4146606992                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        223616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data        426944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher       588160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1238720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       223616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       223616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks       128384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         128384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst           3494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data           6671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         9190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              19355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks         2006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst         29910396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         57107113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     78671019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            165688529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     29910396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        29910396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks      17172368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            17172368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks      17172368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst        29910396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        57107113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     78671019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           182860897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2006.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3494.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6664.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      9190.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.006210424652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds          112                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds          112                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState              41899                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState              1853                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      19355                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2006                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    19355                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2006                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1238272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 124352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1238720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              128384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16             570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17             588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18             685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19             827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20             662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21             885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22             888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23            1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24             791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25             701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27             422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28             415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30             345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31             483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18              46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20              76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21             137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22             176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23             254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26              45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29              11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                   7476022500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                19355                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2006                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  15657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         5469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   248.709453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.603230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   286.462653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2364     43.23%     43.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1411     25.80%     69.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          543      9.93%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          273      4.99%     83.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          184      3.36%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          123      2.25%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           90      1.65%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           70      1.28%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          411      7.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         5469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    172.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    47.948670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1090.632406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          108     96.43%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.89%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.89%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.89%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11520-11775            1      0.89%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.348214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.312579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.112661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              42     37.50%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      1.79%     39.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              56     50.00%     89.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              11      9.82%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       223616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       426496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher       588160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       124352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29910396.282387711108                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57047189.704015940428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 78671019.414751872420                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16633056.661900205538                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3494                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6671                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         9190                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2006                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    179170133                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    302819777                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher    391308518                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 240119370673                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     51279.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     45393.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     42579.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 119700583.59                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   534863212                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              873298428                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  64467536                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    27644.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               45136.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      165.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       16.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   165.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    17.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.37                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     33.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   14483                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1327                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    349984.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            8180486.496000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            10855120.214400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           37642329.043200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          3371370.912000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        1072282283.452805                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        576225849.427200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        38003864.371200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   2386818842.419200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   691437714.239999                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    924781135.521600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          5750061758.918400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           769.115921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime          6737174626                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     36840119                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    270900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1413896360                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1440504515                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    429254747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3884800759                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            8913393.216000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            11821217.620800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           43741488.403200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          3931386.816000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        1061199262.435205                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        536877503.064000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        34749870.489600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   2485559490.355198                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   606652042.079998                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    944568545.390400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          5738014199.870394                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           767.504466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime          6790914491                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31425500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    268100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1481685580                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1263861023                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    385645501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4045478896                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 3964819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           3964819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            299232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2299954                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  329024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              57010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2299954                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            1060600                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          1239354                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       183395                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches            0                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict      3431895                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong         31574                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured      1354161                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts      8469093                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount      4960355                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache     16368504                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable       773423                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     6.254126                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     3.663047                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains       326058                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains            0                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident     0.000000                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     2124011                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1478240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         20883                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12464                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2578460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          4170                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                 6595052                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed                734138                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed               21013                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed             380659                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed           839924                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect              1114797                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect             860937                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                  755151                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed              1220583                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                97.217378                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                65.853963                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved               2318926                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                 22167                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.336116                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        11.450266                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade           6595052                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads             1975734                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency          7022417                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       3.554333                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         14952394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            1863203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts             9750773                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps             19035606                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps              17545164                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       18599524                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                         36615641                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable             3786802                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    20.359672                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2    10.342034                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     3964819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            1389624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      11883620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  635986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                       1052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                48956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         30256                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        64171                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   2575164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 29084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      22                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           14209267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.389499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.261860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  8378574     58.97%     58.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   445284      3.13%     62.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   443249      3.12%     65.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   422750      2.98%     68.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   416042      2.93%     71.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   510243      3.59%     74.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   514234      3.62%     78.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                   578918      4.07%     82.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  2499973     17.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             14209267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.265163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.243916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.479628                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.524249                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                        8267200                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations      3292644                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates     16382409                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates     17965726                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp            37710                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps           20611                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps         19755                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps           1092                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess            5123                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  3035227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               7248715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   1251025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               2356307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 317993                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               25558346                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts               1318465                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 317993                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  3691141                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 5077332                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           5862                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   2192808                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2924131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               23484891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                716660                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 23447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  38573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1817813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents            51702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            26929864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              58115361                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         35004539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            838938                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              20087037                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  6842827                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 99                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   9017918                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              2510550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             1677911                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads             41067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            53214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   22362386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                8068                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  20983029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             16864                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         4978873                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6770526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           7114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      14209267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.476714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.726613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             6596374     46.42%     46.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1745663     12.29%     58.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             1969962     13.86%     72.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1641120     11.55%     84.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1260216      8.87%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              642374      4.52%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              353558      2.49%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        14209267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    110      0.09%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      11      0.01%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     2      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      1      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                  10541      8.87%      8.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      8.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    933      0.78%      9.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   149      0.13%      9.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      9.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      9.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   12      0.01%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      9.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  27736     23.34%     33.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 35262     29.67%     62.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              8979      7.55%     70.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            35122     29.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            170920      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              16541129     78.83%     79.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                51762      0.25%     79.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 35642      0.17%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                7335      0.03%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                12009      0.06%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                98165      0.47%     80.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                63532      0.30%     80.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc               82397      0.39%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift               3161      0.02%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               5      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               2      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              72      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               1      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             36      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              2271528     10.83%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             1423307      6.78%     98.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           93086      0.44%     99.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         128940      0.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               20983029                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.403322                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      118858                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.005664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           55253542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          26605960                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19650769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1057505                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             743716                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       466280                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               20378457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  552510                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           272728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       691371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1073                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       347171                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          2030                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 317993                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  846297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               3646038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            22370454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               2510550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              1677911                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               2852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   3252                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                126992                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            356                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          86070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       245518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               331588                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              20301825                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               2121888                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            681204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      3599134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  2087874                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    1477246                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.357764                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       20171810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      20117049                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  12918375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  20774383                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.345407                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.621842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed         8028                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged                16567                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated            17113                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.378342                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.780767                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.806499                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP             1495742                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         4592000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             954                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            317700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     13228288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.314726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.051174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8147434     61.59%     61.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1073280      8.11%     69.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960875      7.26%     76.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       993299      7.51%     84.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       341529      2.58%     87.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       220689      1.67%     88.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1491182     11.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     13228288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              8621299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               17391580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        3149919                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       1819179                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         592                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    1879817                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     392824                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  17132261                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               163755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        92204      0.53%      0.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         13858231     79.68%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           49426      0.28%     80.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            35254      0.20%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           4980      0.03%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd           10916      0.06%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu           56633      0.33%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt           55028      0.32%     81.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc          76573      0.44%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          2304      0.01%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            4      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            2      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt           69      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            1      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           36      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         1757911     10.11%     92.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1212988      6.97%     98.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        61268      0.35%     99.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       117752      0.68%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          17391580                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               1491182                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted            714423                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      39.271726                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted          2091622                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    24.261100                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2    12.026636                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     33720686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    44956401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           14179                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          743127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     8621299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      17391580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.734355                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.734355                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.576583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.576583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 31157300                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                15489452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    744253                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   301503                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  10835399                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                  6478392                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 7881118                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1014.896399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             3147297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             37886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             83.072824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            259500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1014.896399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           6351438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          6351438                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data      1805530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1805530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      1303817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1303817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data      3109347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          3109347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data      3109347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         3109347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         19776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        47429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          47429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        47429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         47429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1166586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1166586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1643067461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1643067461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2809653461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2809653461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2809653461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2809653461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1825306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1825306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1331470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1331470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3156776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3156776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3156776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3156776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58989.987864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58989.987864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59417.331248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59417.331248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59239.146113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59239.146113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59239.146113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59239.146113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1738                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        27564                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             373                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.185185                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    73.898123                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        36862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             36862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         8982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         9501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         9501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    636478500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    636478500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1574608961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574608961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2211087461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2211087461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2211087461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2211087461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020379                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020379                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58965.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58965.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58030.845471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58030.845471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58296.969548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58296.969548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58296.969548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58296.969548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  36862                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.617733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2564967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             45146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             56.814934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   507.617733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5193780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5193780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst      2519821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2519821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst      2519821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2519821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst      2519821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2519821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        54496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         54496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        54496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          54496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        54496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         54496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067215933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067215933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067215933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2067215933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067215933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2067215933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2574317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2574317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2574317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2574317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2574317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2574317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37933.351677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37933.351677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37933.351677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37933.351677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37933.351677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37933.351677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       498781                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7103                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              8475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    58.853215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   273.192308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        44592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             44592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst         9348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst         9348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst         9348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1749186602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749186602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1749186602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749186602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1749186602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749186602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38743.390671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38743.390671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38743.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38743.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38743.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38743.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  44592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           119538                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified              119542                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    4                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                 20650                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 18409.420185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      162525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     99690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.630304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   7543000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   17994.611404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher   414.808781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.549152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.012659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.561811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         30198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        27239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.012390                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1414034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1414034                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        33770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            33770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        47514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            47514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             17157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 17157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst          38059                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              38059                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          7501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              7501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                38059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                24658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    62717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst               38059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               24658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   62717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data             42                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 42                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            9950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7022                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             7022                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         3278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               7022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              13228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              7022                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             13228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135911000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1135911000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    883901000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    883901000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447124000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    447124000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    883901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1583035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2466936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    883901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1583035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2466936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        33770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        47514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        47514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         27107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        45081                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          45081                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            45081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            37886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                82967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           45081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           37886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               82967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.367064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.367064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155764                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.155764                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.304110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.304110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.155764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.349153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.244073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.155764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.349153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.244073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114161.909548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114161.909548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 125875.961265                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125875.961265                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 136401.464308                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136401.464308                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 125875.961265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119673.042032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       121824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 125875.961265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119673.042032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       121824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                       222                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                3990                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3990                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total               36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data             40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher        20322                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          20322                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            42                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7022                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7022                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          7022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         13188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher        20322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            40532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher   1388053869                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1388053869                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1284000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1284000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921554500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    921554500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736459501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    736459501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377482001                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377482001                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736459501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1299036501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2035496002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736459501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1299036501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher   1388053869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3423549871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.365736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.303739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.348097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.243591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.348097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.488532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 68303.014910                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68303.014910                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92954.861812                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92954.861812                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104878.880803                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104878.880803                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115296.884850                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115296.884850                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104878.880803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98501.402866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100717.268778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104878.880803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98501.402866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 68303.014910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84465.357520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                           6474                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         45247                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6634                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          28817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        41997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        41979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        83976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  83976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1366912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2734016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2734016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             38773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   38773    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               38773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            40021833                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy            40030053                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          208142290                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       164530                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        81462                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          301                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1804                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1804                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7476196500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             55925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        47684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq            23582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              42                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             42                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         45148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       134819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       112718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                247537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5738944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4783872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               10522816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           30123                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    259648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           113132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.018677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.135383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 111019     98.13%     98.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2113      1.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             113132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          163719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          67731475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          56865968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
