
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31250                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    60681                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               16141232                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67310948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6195.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   193602045                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     375939810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data       8478336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        88704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8590784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        23744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks      7472704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        7472704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data         132474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             134231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks       116761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            116761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst           237440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         84783360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher       887040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             85907840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       237440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          237440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks      74727040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            74727040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks      74727040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst          237440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        84783360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher       887040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           160634880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    116761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    132455.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      1386.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.001663025652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds         6594                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds         6594                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState             405952                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState            110127                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     134231                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    116761                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   134231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  116761                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               8589568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                7468864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                8590784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             7472704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16            4330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17            4450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18            4371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19            4319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20            4248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21            4198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22            4174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23            4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24            4074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25            4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26            4063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27            4049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28            4026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29            4139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30            4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31            4225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16            3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17            3877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18            3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22            3614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23            3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24            3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25            3458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26            3510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27            3476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28            3503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31            3753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999802000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               134231                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              116761                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 119906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  12453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                  5204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                  5278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                  6510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                  6625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                  6634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                  6635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                  6643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                  6651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                  6641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                  6611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                  6616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                  6629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                  6684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                  6717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                  6836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                  6596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                  6597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                  6596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       176073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.202535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.162395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.309415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       137896     78.32%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28911     16.42%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6114      3.47%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1968      1.12%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1000      0.57%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          104      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       176073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.353048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.483747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   165.590495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         6590     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         6594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.698059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.672228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.942599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1365     20.70%     20.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.26%     20.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            4557     69.11%     90.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             564      8.55%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              83      1.26%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         6594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      8477120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        88704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7468864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 237440.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 84771200.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 887040.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 74688640.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          371                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       132474                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         1386                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       116761                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13069378                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6304714761                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     58158089                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5288575401830                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35227.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     47592.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     41961.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45294022.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4028305924                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             6375942228                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 447194384                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    30014.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47506.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       85.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       74.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    85.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    74.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     53.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   22499                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  52339                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                16.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               44.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    398418.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   29.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            274914870.048023                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            365495795.179184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           283034644.838354                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          219499924.896004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        17756385047.818230                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        10511475591.254211                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        321188337.254411                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   42785058712.166306                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   8321647608.960158                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    279006076.910400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          81124584229.180771                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           811.245842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         87126920405                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    129325818                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   4485950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    153597340                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17336768896                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8257204557                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69637153389                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            274219388.352025                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            364562868.499185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           281503545.523158                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          219120316.800004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        17763311935.954235                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        10617757669.411034                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        318768505.574412                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   42814676300.390442                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8257957895.040162                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    241174647.537600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          81159613295.947388                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           811.596133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         87006201582                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    124946571                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   4487700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    117057680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17204026868                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8381013499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69685255382                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         22592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data       8464192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        88256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           8575040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        22592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        22592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks      7470272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7470272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data         132253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             133985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks       116723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            116723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst           225920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         84641920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher       882560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             85750400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       225920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          225920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks      74702720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            74702720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks      74702720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst          225920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        84641920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher       882560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           160453120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    116723.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       353.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    132239.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      1379.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.001906962652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds         6591                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds         6591                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState             405425                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            110098                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     133985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    116723                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   133985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  116723                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               8574144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7466752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                8575040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7470272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17            4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18            4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19            4329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20            4234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21            4193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22            4128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23            4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24            4054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25            4053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26            4025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27            3997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28            4021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29            4165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30            4161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31            4237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16            3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17            3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18            3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19            3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20            3710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21            3664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22            3572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23            3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24            3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25            3499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26            3495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27            3455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28            3506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30            3630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31            3742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99999487500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               133985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              116723                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 119813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  12294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                  5216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                  5285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                  6506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                  6630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                  6635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                  6632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                  6652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                  6631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                  6628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                  6607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                  6623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                  6622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                  6670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                  6719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                  6833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                  6595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                  6594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                  6594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       175794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.244980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.177200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.417419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       137676     78.32%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28852     16.41%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6104      3.47%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1973      1.12%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          994      0.57%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          113      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       175794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.325292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.447528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   165.274604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         6587     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         6591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.701108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.675576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.936625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1355     20.56%     20.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              10      0.15%     20.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            4560     69.19%     89.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             590      8.95%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              70      1.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         6591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        22592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      8463296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        88256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7466752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 225920.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 84632960.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 882560.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 74667520.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          353                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       132253                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         1379                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       116723                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10937723                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6302941804                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     57520635                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5286798679947                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30985.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     47658.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     41711.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45293546.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4027979430                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6371400162                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 446391372                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    30066.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47558.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       85.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       74.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    85.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    74.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     53.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22447                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  52389                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                16.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    398868.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   29.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            274443938.496022                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            364857258.695984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           282285920.447955                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          219469856.928004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        17752228914.936626                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        10499252614.401329                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        323738676.710412                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   42641992505.548866                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   8430785536.320127                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    313049186.217600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          81111543183.686417                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           811.115432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         87133858737                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    136839500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   4484900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    166513960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17564167158                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8243191747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69404387635                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            273842019.360026                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            364044575.899186                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           281238547.564758                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          219026354.400004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        17764697313.581436                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        10688739541.300581                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        316024035.801610                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   42677048941.363304                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8330709982.560126                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    214715727.340800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          81135475087.094162                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           811.354751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         86923430953                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    118808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   4488050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    111572540                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17355667896                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8464498199                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69461402865                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                57969521                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          57969521                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1057484                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             21331714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2596811                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             197216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        21331714                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           17698221                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          3633493                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       684570                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches            0                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict     42151521                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong         74236                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured     33075758                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts     89168416                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount     38455530                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache    234990012                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable     20319231                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     2.695884                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.162650                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains      6702944                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains            0                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident     0.000000                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    39617124                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    27111101                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         38466                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        230190                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    42136882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          8600                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                88794467                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed              27434938                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed              207220                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed            2834955                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed          8233407                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect             30269893                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect            8440627                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                27642158                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed             11068362                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.250348                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                90.634407                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved              76803915                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                  1820                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.002050                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        31.130496                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade          88794467                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads            38710520                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency        113610269                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       2.934868                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   193                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            7639279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts           109287603                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps            261487761                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps             202137246                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      238077662                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                        464280167                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable            75345500                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    31.647446                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2    16.228455                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    57969521                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           20295032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     191019489                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 2440378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                11837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         48056                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            9                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4003                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  42128339                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  3492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          199943320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.175722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.988883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                115261006     57.65%     57.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  8371878      4.19%     61.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  7296834      3.65%     65.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 10272331      5.14%     70.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  8640661      4.32%     74.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  9184442      4.59%     79.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  7395723      3.70%     83.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 11784291      5.89%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 21736154     10.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            199943320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.289848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.190388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.435993                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.459042                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                      105437650                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations     48932816                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates    235565822                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates    232605867                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp             4032                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps            1903                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps          2133                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            147                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess             365                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 31562020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             113595571                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   5980525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              47585015                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1220189                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              415053772                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts               5679058                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1220189                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 35691517                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                83179368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          28130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  36796851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              43027265                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              406769898                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts               3095600                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 74120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 589574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               26420878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          1408737                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           459283485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1048624129                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        602168951                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           6321893                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             425114988                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 34168463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 126727362                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             40965721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            28090572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            522765                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           159992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  401955864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               87662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 395389017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             79226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        26103682                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34453221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          87421                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     199943320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.977506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.906512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            70309071     35.16%     35.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            24207666     12.11%     47.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            29184134     14.60%     61.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            27971467     13.99%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            23095905     11.55%     87.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            14535400      7.27%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            10639677      5.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       199943320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                1596148     46.36%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     27      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                   2494      0.07%     46.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   481      0.01%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     46.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 739187     21.47%     67.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               1075130     31.22%     99.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             21228      0.62%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             8516      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1388153      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             320374559     81.03%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              1455760      0.37%     81.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               1209929      0.31%     82.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              203099      0.05%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  129      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    6      0.00%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt               664881      0.17%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc             2029529      0.51%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               4      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              2      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             39701922     10.04%     92.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            27379907      6.92%     99.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          975266      0.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           5871      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              395389017                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.976945                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3443211                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          986043846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         422955194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    387657248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             8199944                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            5192755                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3745471                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              393336771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 4107304                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          9807909                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3390126                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        35400                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          751                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2083678                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       200392                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          6126                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1220189                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 4193008                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              69845239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           402043526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              40965721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             28090572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              29409                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  56470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3675147                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            751                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         262527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       920786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1183313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             392445774                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              39577668                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           2943242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     66685197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 49239494                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   27107529                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.962229                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      391606823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     391402719                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 233286970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 373387065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.957014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.624786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed        87620                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged               305919                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated           306336                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.221387                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.772959                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.774012                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP            13087936                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        24554786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             241                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1219507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    195109748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.926812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.397521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     97099513     49.77%     49.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19188936      9.83%     59.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     15668658      8.03%     67.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10400526      5.33%     72.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      8320029      4.26%     77.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5660652      2.90%     80.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     38771434     19.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    195109748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            193602045                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              375939810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       63582478                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      37575592                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                          32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   47923982                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    3287251                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 372229875                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1922166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1181874      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        306001064     81.40%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1406120      0.37%     82.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          1206150      0.32%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         185374      0.05%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             112      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               6      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt          539500      0.14%     82.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        1837126      0.49%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            4      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            2      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        37036093      9.85%     92.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       26006638      6.92%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       539499      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          248      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         375939810                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              38771434                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted          26756829                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      71.208004                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted         64122299                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    33.120672                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2    17.056533                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    556832910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   805850299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           56681                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   193602045                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     375939810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.033047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.033047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.968010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.968010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                614640691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               300096706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   6255941                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  3125286                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 257797680                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                124492330                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               163229334                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.680930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            55493395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            311346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            178.237058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.680930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         111475606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        111475606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     29389413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        29389413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     25792636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       25792636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     55182049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         55182049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     55182049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        55182049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       185878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        185878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       214203                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       214203                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       400081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         400081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       400081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        400081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12895892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12895892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25881216488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25881216488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38777108488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38777108488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38777108488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38777108488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     29575291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29575291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     26006839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     26006839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     55582130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55582130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     55582130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55582130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69378.258858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69378.258858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 120825.648978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120825.648978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96923.144283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96923.144283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96923.144283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96923.144283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          397                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        51563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            1791                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.357143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    28.790061                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       310322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            310322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        85579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         3156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        88735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        88735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       100299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       211047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       211047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       311346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       311346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       311346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       311346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8454605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8454605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25335375988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25335375988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33789980988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33789980988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33789980988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33789980988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008115                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008115                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84294.010907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84294.010907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 120046.131847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120046.131847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108528.713997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108528.713997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108528.713997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108528.713997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 310322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           438.638880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            42127931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           5261.387661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   438.638880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.856717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          84264609                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         84264609                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     42119924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        42119924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     42119924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         42119924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     42119924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        42119924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    263860466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    263860466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    263860466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    263860466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    263860466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    263860466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     42128301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42128301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     42128301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     42128301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     42128301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     42128301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31498.205324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31498.205324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31498.205324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31498.205324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31498.205324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31498.205324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        40853                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               323                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   126.479876                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         7567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241811474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241811474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241811474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241811474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241811474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241811474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30200.009242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30200.009242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30200.009242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30200.009242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30200.009242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30200.009242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   7567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            40585                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified               40665                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                   70                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                466639                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31519.914748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      374208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    320306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.168283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   1175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   31517.652950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher     2.261798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.961842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.961911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        14722                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996552                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5415458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5415458                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       291172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           291172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        26369                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            26369                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              3144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7283                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               7283                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         43475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             43475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 7283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                46619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                7283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               46619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          207910                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              207910                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          724                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              724                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        56817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           56817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             264727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 265451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            264727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                265451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24738955500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   24738955500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77169000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     77169000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7267872500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7267872500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32006828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      32083997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32006828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     32083997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       291172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       291172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        26369                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        26369                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        211054                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            211054                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           8007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       100292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        100292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             8007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           311346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               319353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            8007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          311346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              319353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.985103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.985103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090421                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.090421                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.566516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.090421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.850266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.831215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.090421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.850266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.831215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 118988.771584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118988.771584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106587.016575                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106587.016575                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 127917.216678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127917.216678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106587.016575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 120905.038020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120865.986566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106587.016575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 120905.038020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120865.986566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                        18                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              233484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    233484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         4157                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           4157                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       207910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         207910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          724                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          724                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56817                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        56817                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        264727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            265451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       264727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         4157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           269608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    210595412                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210595412                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20372845500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20372845500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61965000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61965000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6074715500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6074715500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26447561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26509526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26447561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    210595412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26720121412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.985103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.850266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.831215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.850266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.844232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 50660.431080                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50660.431080                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 97988.771584                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97988.771584                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85587.016575                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85587.016575                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106917.216678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106917.216678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85587.016575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 99905.038020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99865.986566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85587.016575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 99905.038020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 50660.431080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99107.301757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         233845                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        502061                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234099                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              60306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       233484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            207910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           207910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          60306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       385416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       384861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       770277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 770277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     16063488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     16045312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     32108800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                32108800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            268216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  268216    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              268216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           743915245                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           743451708                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1427364555                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       637242                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       317890                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1392                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1392                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            108299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       524656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        26717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             361                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             5228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           211054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          211054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          8007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       100292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       933014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                956595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       996736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     39786752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               40783488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          239073                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  14942976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           558426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.055749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 556685     99.69%     99.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1741      0.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             558426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          636510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          12010500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         467023491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
