
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28150                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    44218                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13203320                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67550456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7573.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   213202060                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     334899490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        287168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data        801216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     37245888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          38334272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       287168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       287168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks     36934464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       36934464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst           4487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data          12519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher       581967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             598973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks       577101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            577101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst          2871680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data          8012160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    372458880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            383342720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2871680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2871680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks     369344640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           369344640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks     369344640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst         2871680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data         8012160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    372458880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           752687360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    577101.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4487.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12519.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples    581968.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.005393485652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds        34997                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds        34997                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState            1683907                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState            542573                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     598974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    577101                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   598974                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  577101                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              38334336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               36931136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               38334336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            36934464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            18680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            18855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            19082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            18977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            18724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            18714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            18702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            18755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            18737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            18741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           18783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           18837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           18932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           18808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           18672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           18569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16           18482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17           18499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18           18596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19           18646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20           18764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21           18754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22           18756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23           18707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24           18710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25           18661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26           18612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27           18616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28           18706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29           18648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30           18556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31           18693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            18152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            17976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            17987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           18113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           18179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           18033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           17931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19           17924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20           18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21           18082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22           18146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23           18065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24           18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25           17959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26           17948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27           17977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28           18019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29           18007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999955507                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               598974                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              577101                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 458099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  69588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  35391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  23448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  10207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                  5614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                  6317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                 27583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                 33404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                 34751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                 35689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                 35709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                 36032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                 35569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                 35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                 35887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                 36344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                 36218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                 36292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                 36368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                 36017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                 36394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                 36036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                   741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       242883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   309.880494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   251.374104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.565396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30828     12.69%     12.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39503     16.26%     28.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        92843     38.23%     67.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37169     15.30%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        28634     11.79%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4527      1.86%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2886      1.19%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1719      0.71%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4774      1.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       242883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.114867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.531125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    68.329500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        34993     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12544-12799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        34997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.488528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.452688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.146197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           28641     81.84%     81.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             461      1.32%     83.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2790      7.97%     91.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2137      6.11%     97.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             519      1.48%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             228      0.65%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22             166      0.47%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23              25      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24              21      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        34997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       287168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       801216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     37245952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36931136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2871680.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 8012160.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 372459520.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 369311360.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4487                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12519                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher       581968                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       577101                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    451874052                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    969947949                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  27180920366                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2899637537726                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst    100707.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     77478.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     46705.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   5024488.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 18125489159                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            28602742367                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1995781368                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    30260.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47752.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      383.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      369.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   383.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   369.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     29.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  470345                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 462790                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               80.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     85028.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   79.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            382436964.000005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            508432601.577601                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           1264280021.625596                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          1086633812.543996                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        12108200461.726408                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        13268752275.240042                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        454391098.828801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   27182166750.412785                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   3711788690.400564                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    19088327393.687992                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          79056922304.908813                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           790.569223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         83684502774                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    281385316                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3059000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  31709775720                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   7732899074                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12975111910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44241827980                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            375070471.776004                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            498643090.948800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           1255190171.020800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          1082202545.759999                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        10538567610.109745                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        13094922167.107189                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        364922580.556801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   24105694663.679882                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1995636625.919677                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23870128191.974403                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          77182056943.152115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           771.820569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         84026734693                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    171025627                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2662450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  40634555480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4157569149                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13139789680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39234610064                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        309440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data        801664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     37248384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          38359488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       309440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       309440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks     36934848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       36934848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst           4835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data          12526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher       582006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             599367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks       577107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            577107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst          3094400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data          8016640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher    372483840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            383594880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3094400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         3094400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks     369348480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           369348480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks     369348480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst         3094400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data         8016640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher    372483840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           752943360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    577107.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4835.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples    582006.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.004957798132                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds        34973                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds        34973                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState            1686112                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            542614                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     599367                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    577107                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   599367                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  577107                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              38359488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               36931072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               38359488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            36934848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            18692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            18878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            19367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            19023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            18733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            18729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            18703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            18751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            18728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            18733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           18792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           18831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           18933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           18804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           18674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           18584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16           18479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17           18508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18           18592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19           18637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20           18762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21           18746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22           18754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23           18730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24           18716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25           18660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26           18619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27           18611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28           18710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29           18652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30           18547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31           18689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            17976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            17986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           17932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19           17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20           18051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21           18083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22           18148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23           18066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24           18054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25           17959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26           17952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27           17979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29           18006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30           17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99999841500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               599367                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              577107                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 457313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  70129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  36047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  23640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  10308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                  5904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                  6598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                 27789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                 33416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                 34712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                 35586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                 35677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                 35949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                 35566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                 35560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                 35824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                 36256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                 36200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                 36187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                 36262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                 35968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                 36371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                 36145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                   671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       242097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   310.990190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   252.067389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.593021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30865     12.75%     12.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38889     16.06%     28.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        91949     37.98%     66.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        36940     15.26%     82.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        29296     12.10%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4837      2.00%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3077      1.27%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1769      0.73%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4475      1.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       242097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.137706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.533854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    73.318083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        34970     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13568-13823            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        34973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.499814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.464200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.140071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           28397     81.20%     81.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             429      1.23%     82.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2973      8.50%     90.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2253      6.44%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             521      1.49%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             234      0.67%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22             117      0.33%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              26      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24              10      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               6      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               6      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        34973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       309440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       801664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     37248384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36931072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3094400.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 8016640.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 372483840.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 369310720.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4835                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher       582006                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       577107                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    571255421                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    988793818                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  27088363497                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2854743732992                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst    118150.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     78939.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     46543.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4946645.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 18164285172                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            28648412736                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1997090844                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    30305.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47797.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      383.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      369.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   383.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   369.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     28.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  470916                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 463398                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               80.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     84999.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            382047120.000003                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            507914308.977601                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           1265912072.543994                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          1086584952.095994                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        12677590666.505268                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        13308996591.072052                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        494490700.569601                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   28206718301.798412                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   4419376342.080575                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    17389991164.022377                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          79741448916.695908                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           797.414489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         83575216443                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    333421678                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3202850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  28458893640                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9207038771                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12888351878                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  45909444033                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            373005857.952005                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            495902359.680000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           1255215408.921596                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          1082247647.711997                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        10509474679.938562                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        12893281619.601553                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        359777311.487998                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   24163500907.929512                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1986671413.439665                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    23940720787.636795                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          77061068525.884033                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           770.610685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         84271481536                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    164918916                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2655100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  40804130720                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4138906319                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12908391547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39328552498                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                44560628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          44560628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           3157555                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             23911769                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2682992                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             520023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        23911769                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            7992291                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses         15919478                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      2242035                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches        25279                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict     36764407                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong             0                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured     39374868                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts    427942580                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount     42611133                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache    159225923                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable      4883880                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts    10.868419                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.082191                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains      9731939                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains      7963622                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident    81.829757                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    51610043                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    19093626                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        181173                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         82633                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    24809625                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                         18649                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups               125591603                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed              35460242                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed              199616                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed            3217572                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed         11358340                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect             38677814                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect           11557956                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                35659858                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed             14575912                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.440222                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                91.681091                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved             103844874                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                 38139                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.030367                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        28.393505                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade         125591603                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads            50235770                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency        148092787                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       2.947955                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   313                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           12978989                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts           224566835                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps            181370394                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps             344880323                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      312343958                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                        526767869                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable           141785426                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    45.394003                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2    26.916111                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    44560628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           10675283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     179651715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 6652348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles               131612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         97941                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        69297                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320391                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  24795471                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                255329                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      74                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          196576982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.535329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.432198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                118651346     60.36%     60.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  4544230      2.31%     62.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  3736022      1.90%     64.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  3762542      1.91%     66.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4612002      2.35%     68.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  4110631      2.09%     70.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  4538953      2.31%     73.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 12121452      6.17%     79.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 40499804     20.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            196576982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.222803                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.561720                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.655354                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.718973                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                      178143984                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations     31629730                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates    159439453                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates    305732118                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp            58282                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps           21145                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps         30417                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            750                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess           10226                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 38425593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              98596143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  12940360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              43288712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                3326174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              415809969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts              14411648                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                3326174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 45312861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                73511617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          17019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  36728449                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              37680862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              394157687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts               7245102                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  6206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                1550173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               20973002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents            16130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           441849707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1018693807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        470469560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups         270323048                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             378134321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 63715272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                614                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            566                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 132063085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             55348879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            21200238                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           4817769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1424872                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  381959031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              644896                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 369442690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             94301                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        47704346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     63670606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         612573                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     196576982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.879379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.758635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            62262075     31.67%     31.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            32111709     16.34%     48.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            34979643     17.79%     65.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            26692243     13.58%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            22865083     11.63%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            10162740      5.17%     96.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             7503489      3.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       196576982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    530      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    26      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     11      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                 168338     12.02%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      9      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                   1311      0.09%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                288135     20.58%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   22      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 8      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt              6609      0.47%     33.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            275952     19.71%     52.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     52.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult             6694      0.48%     53.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     53.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     53.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 402709     28.76%     82.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                130654      9.33%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             93379      6.67%     98.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            25691      1.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1240138      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             202071725     54.70%     55.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              4697461      1.27%     56.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 10948      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               26775      0.01%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                19620      0.01%     56.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             14709660      3.98%     60.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                 2766      0.00%     60.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt               164910      0.04%     60.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc             7231835      1.96%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift               4527      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd        18765315      5.08%     67.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     67.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     67.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt         9506858      2.57%     69.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv        14076347      3.81%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult       21124470      5.72%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt        2345625      0.63%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             34553485      9.35%     89.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            10293946      2.79%     92.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        19084604      5.17%     97.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        9511675      2.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              369442690                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.847213                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1400078                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.003790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          665323064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         294479494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    225744071                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           271633674                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          135830682                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135319985                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              233357903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses               136244727                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          5862852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6622643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3912                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3372555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2881                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          6208                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                3326174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 8714233                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              63863410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           382603927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              55348879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             21200238                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             220100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  61687                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               1468538                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           2143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         692976                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2867761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3560737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             362804812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              51578290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           6637875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     70665646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 22558191                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   19087356                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.814024                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      361632957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     361064056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 223870747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 382555142                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.805320                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.585199                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed       160412                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged               107302                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated           114290                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.311007                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.208037                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.221585                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP            14787314                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        43389818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           32323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           3324467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    187070416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.790232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.279804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     95107941     50.84%     50.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21075988     11.27%     62.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10513035      5.62%     67.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11601268      6.20%     73.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     14771965      7.90%     81.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5095546      2.72%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     28904673     15.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    187070416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            213202060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              334899490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       66553901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      48726222                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       21340                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   20101889                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                  135212339                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 235028443                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1193698                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       346355      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        175408110     52.38%     52.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         4696818      1.40%     53.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            10824      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          17258      0.01%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     53.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd           18104      0.01%     53.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     53.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        14661276      4.38%     58.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            2098      0.00%     58.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt          159630      0.05%     58.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        7219345      2.16%     60.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          3960      0.00%     60.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd     18765244      5.60%     66.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt      9506538      2.84%     68.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv     14073750      4.20%     73.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult     21110655      6.30%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt      2345624      0.70%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        29681365      8.86%     88.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        8339014      2.49%     91.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     19044857      5.69%     97.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      9488665      2.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         334899490                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              28904673                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted          35341479                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      72.530719                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted        130779243                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    61.340516                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2    39.050296                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    536455051                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   766185484                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          133422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         3423019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   213202060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     334899490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.938077                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.938077                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.066010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.066010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                447807309                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               196631452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                 289006809                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                139749711                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 121513308                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 85577804                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               117915241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.786017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            63345595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1325805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             47.778968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            324500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1021.786017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         128116903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        128116903                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     45382896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        45382896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16636003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16636003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62018899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62018899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62018899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62018899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       181264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        181264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1195386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1195386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1376650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1376650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1376650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1376650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5674141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5674141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34210185996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34210185996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39884326996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39884326996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39884326996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39884326996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     45564160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45564160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17831389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17831389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     63395549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     63395549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     63395549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     63395549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31303.187616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31303.187616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28618.526565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28618.526565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28972.016850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28972.016850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28972.016850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28972.016850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        87473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             841                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.761364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   104.010702                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1324781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1324781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        50019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        50257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        50257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       131245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       131245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1195148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1195148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1326393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1326393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1326393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1326393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3558460000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558460000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31809224496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31809224496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35367684496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35367684496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35367684496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35367684496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27113.109071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27113.109071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26615.301616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26615.301616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26664.559068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26664.559068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26664.559068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26664.559068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1324781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.604509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            24720268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            341624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             72.361040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   507.604509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          49921636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         49921636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     24378644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        24378644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     24378644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         24378644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     24378644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        24378644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       411362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        411362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst       411362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         411362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       411362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        411362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10630092245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10630092245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10630092245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10630092245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10630092245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10630092245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     24790006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24790006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     24790006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24790006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     24790006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24790006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25841.211014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25841.211014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25841.211014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25841.211014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25841.211014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25841.211014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2198343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7628                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             67795                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              35                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.426329                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   217.942857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks       340580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            340580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        69738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        69738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        69738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst        69738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        69738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       341624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       341624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       341624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       341624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       341624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       341624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9201883231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9201883231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9201883231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9201883231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9201883231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9201883231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26935.704842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26935.704842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26935.704842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26935.704842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26935.704842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26935.704842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 340580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          8779056                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified             8779057                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                670399                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 22443.818696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4460374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2826978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.577789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   1257000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   22352.217393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher    91.601303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.682136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.002795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.684931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022            32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        21304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.000977                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968475                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  29478730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 29478730                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1314498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1314498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks       349714                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           349714                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           1171552                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1171552                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst         331539                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             331539                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        129059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            129059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               331539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              1300611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1632150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              331539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             1300611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1632150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data            586                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                586                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           23040                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               23040                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9324                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             9324                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               9324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              25194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              9324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             25194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34518                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1585000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1585000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3603041000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3603041000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1707936000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1707936000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446071000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    446071000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1707936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4049112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5757048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1707936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4049112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5757048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1314498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1314498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks       349714                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       349714                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data          589                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              589                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1194592                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1194592                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       340863                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         340863                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       131213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        131213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst           340863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          1325805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1666668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          340863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1325805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1666668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994907                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.994907                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.019287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027354                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.027354                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.027354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.019003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.020711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.027354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.019003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.020711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data  2704.778157                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2704.778157                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 156381.987847                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156381.987847                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 183176.319176                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183176.319176                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 207089.600743                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207089.600743                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 183176.319176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 160717.313646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166783.938815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 183176.319176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 160717.313646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166783.938815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                       107                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1154208                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1154208                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data             145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      1168041                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        1168041                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          586                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           586                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9322                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         9322                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2152                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2152                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          9322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         25049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher      1168041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1202412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  91716966622                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91716966622                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17831000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17831000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3059892000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3059892000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511622500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1511622500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400246500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400246500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511622500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3460138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4971761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511622500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3460138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  91716966622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96688727622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994907                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994907                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.020623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.721447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 78522.043851                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78522.043851                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30428.327645                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30428.327645                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 133637.245054                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133637.245054                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 162156.457842                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162156.457842                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 185988.150558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185988.150558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 162156.457842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 138134.795800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144649.879259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 162156.457842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 138134.795800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 78522.043851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80412.310940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1164394                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2363325                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1165627                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1175447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1154208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1175448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1780505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1781160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3561665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3561665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     75268736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     75294336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    150563072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               150563072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1198931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1198931    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1198931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3914945741                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          3915135252                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6442599322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3333378                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1665423                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3743                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4151                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4131                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            472837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2468706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       350862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq          1250392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1194592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1194592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        341624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       131213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1023067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3977569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5000636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43612352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    169637504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              213249856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2415548                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  73918080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4082804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4074910     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   7874      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     20      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4082804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3332049503                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy             1505                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         512452467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1989025952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
