
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20707                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    40209                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               10784452                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67311180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9272.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   192003359                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     372844396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         23488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data       8438592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        88640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8550720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        23488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        23488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks      7434816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        7434816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data         131853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         1385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             133605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks       116169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            116169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst           234880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         84385920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher       886400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             85507200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       234880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          234880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks      74348160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            74348160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks      74348160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst          234880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        84385920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher       886400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           159855360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    116169.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       367.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    131829.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      1385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.001802951652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds         6553                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds         6553                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState             404296                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState            109593                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     133605                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    116169                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   133605                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  116169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               8549184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                7431296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                8550720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             7434816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16            4312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17            4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19            4300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20            4225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21            4182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22            4156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23            4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24            4055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25            4014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26            4045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27            4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29            4126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30            4115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31            4205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             3544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            3699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16            3757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17            3855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19            3754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20            3694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21            3657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22            3596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23            3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24            3539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25            3437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26            3493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27            3460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28            3485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29            3565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30            3592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31            3741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999051000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               133605                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              116169                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 119508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  12248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                  5248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                  5306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                  6476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                  6594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                  6607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                  6602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                  6606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                  6595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                  6593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                  6581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                  6583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                  6587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                  6610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                  6664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                  6796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                  6553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                  6556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                  6556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       175060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.284634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.196323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.521952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       137087     78.31%     78.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28696     16.39%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6148      3.51%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1964      1.12%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          973      0.56%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          114      0.07%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       175060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.383488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.499677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   166.179644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         6549     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         6553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.719213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.694419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.923125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1288     19.66%     19.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.12%     19.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            4598     70.17%     89.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             585      8.93%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              65      0.99%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.11%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         6553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        23488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      8437056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        88640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7431296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 234880.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 84370560.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 886400.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 74312960.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          367                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       131853                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         1385                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       116169                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13139315                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6060050456                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     55009761                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5285324391799                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35801.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     45960.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     39718.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45496857.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3791600680                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             6128199532                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 445091892                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28384.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45876.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       85.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       74.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    85.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    74.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     53.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   22434                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  52198                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                16.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               44.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    400358.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   29.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            273065450.112024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            363028722.403185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           281617116.076755                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          218372376.096004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        17754999670.191029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        10530792013.593401                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        322081227.955211                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   42305118669.004761                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   8684879458.080126                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    285105776.054400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          81026111326.103867                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           810.261113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         87099169169                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    131836764                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   4485600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    153699560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18093517650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8279303551                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  68856042475                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            272912631.264026                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            362829698.044785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           280266888.383958                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          218041628.448004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        17761926558.327034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        10494193146.998138                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        318409065.408011                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   42613101666.508514                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8481796723.680129                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    243271544.443200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          81052468910.851318                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           810.524689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         87151653402                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    124817354                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   4487350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    125808960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17670441441                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8234233396                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69357348849                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data       8424768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        88256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           8535296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks      7433600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7433600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data         131637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             133364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks       116150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            116150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst           222720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         84247680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher       882560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             85352960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       222720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          222720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks      74336000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            74336000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks      74336000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst          222720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        84247680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher       882560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           159688960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    116150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       348.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    131620.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      1379.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.002039349652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds         6557                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds         6557                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState             403735                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            109567                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     133364                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    116150                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   133364                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  116150                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               8534208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7429568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                8535296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7433600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16            4331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17            4391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18            4339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19            4311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20            4210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21            4172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22            4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23            4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24            4033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25            4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26            4007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27            3980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28            4004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29            4153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30            4146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31            4218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16            3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17            3846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19            3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20            3691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21            3644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22            3551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23            3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24            3531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25            3482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26            3464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27            3437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28            3494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30            3619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31            3722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99998629500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               133364                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              116150                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 119401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  12086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                  5211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                  5280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                  6454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                  6600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                  6603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                  6590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                  6623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                  6596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                  6600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                  6578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                  6592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                  6597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                  6609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                  6662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                  6807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                  6560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                  6561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                  6562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       174909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.267573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.194688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.261957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       136962     78.30%     78.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28728     16.42%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6038      3.45%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1984      1.13%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1023      0.58%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          110      0.06%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       174909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.334147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.448376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   165.736261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         6553     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         6557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.704285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.679271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.927481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1317     20.09%     20.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.26%     20.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            4598     70.12%     90.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             552      8.42%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              64      0.98%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         6557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        22272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      8423680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        88256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7429568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 222720.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 84236800.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 882560.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 74295680.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          348                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       131637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         1379                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       116150                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10559748                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6075913313                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     54443842                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5285605337930                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30344.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     46156.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     39480.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45506718.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3808411179                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6140916903                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 444312204                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28560.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46052.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       85.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       74.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    85.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    74.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     53.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22449                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  52073                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                16.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    400773.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   29.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            273037381.344022                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            362991405.335986                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           281040850.675154                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          218462580.000004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        17753614292.563828                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        10529497599.566233                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        322706577.715211                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   42526713707.519852                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   8506975048.320156                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    295902143.779200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          81078438366.911652                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           810.784384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         87102146197                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    133241278                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   4485250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    163695920                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17722846286                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8278465017                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69216501499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            272469768.480027                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            362240917.651187                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           279858875.654358                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          217849945.152004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        17759155803.072632                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        10555441789.737402                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        318708145.728010                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   42581333003.059105                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8464831912.320118                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    245697073.843200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          81062924466.955063                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           810.629245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         87076403394                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    123875493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   4486650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    140751200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17635083358                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8307969918                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69305670031                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                58709478                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          58709478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1201562                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             22607631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2569990                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             254674                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        22607631                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           17498009                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          5109622                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       769295                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches         1906                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict     55039916                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong         96921                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured     33353309                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts     95704770                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount     40057088                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache    238877557                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable     20421706                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     2.869424                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.200993                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains      7022072                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains      5876965                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident    83.692748                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    39503339                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    27010405                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         32835                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        222976                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    42859665                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          4775                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                89747784                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed              27205879                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed              216044                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed            2914560                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed          8201684                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect             30120439                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect            8417728                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                27421923                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed             11116244                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.212149                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                90.323647                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved              75393232                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                  1846                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.002057                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        30.554429                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade          89747784                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads            38538167                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency        112317158                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       2.914440                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   191                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            7783467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts           111220967                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps            265093223                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps             205257153                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      242235057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                        471014617                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable            76038359                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    31.390320                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2    16.143524                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    58709478                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           20067999                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     190743437                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 2743382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 8163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         32528                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            9                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3871                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  42854945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  2739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          199943555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.207873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.002016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                114179245     57.11%     57.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  8389018      4.20%     61.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  7311494      3.66%     64.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 10524650      5.26%     70.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  8697185      4.35%     74.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  9333747      4.67%     79.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  7541893      3.77%     83.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 11575399      5.79%     88.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 22390924     11.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            199943555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.293547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.211175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.436392                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.459145                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                      107758948                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations     49759716                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates    239446426                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates    236773188                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp             4059                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps            1912                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps          2164                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            147                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess             369                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 31405796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             113328286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   6800125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              47037657                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1371691                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              415853009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts               6141184                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1371691                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 35993338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                82393529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          28222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  36590587                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              43566188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              406502602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts               3458169                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 91018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 547651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               26777662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          1348906                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           459241986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1046928782                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        601585963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           6376954                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             421625604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 37616346                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 129365410                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             41125441                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            27981065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            450184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            39901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  401264443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               30895                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 394060832                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             97988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        28450916                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37785792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          30656                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     199943555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.970860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.905572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            70622750     35.32%     35.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            24190599     12.10%     47.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            29255077     14.63%     62.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            27808772     13.91%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            22952330     11.48%     87.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            14559719      7.28%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            10554308      5.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       199943555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                1413299     43.51%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     27      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     43.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                   2095      0.06%     43.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   425      0.01%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     43.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 709308     21.83%     65.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               1091738     33.61%     99.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             20212      0.62%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            11419      0.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1407036      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             319026214     80.96%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              1453037      0.37%     81.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               1204535      0.31%     81.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              208356      0.05%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  129      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    6      0.00%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt               637314      0.16%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc             2031622      0.52%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               4      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              2      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             39836618     10.11%     92.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            27311657      6.93%     99.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          938776      0.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           5526      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              394060832                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.970304                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3248523                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008244                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          983313277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         424500906                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    385807478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             8098448                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            5246089                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3697992                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              391847552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 4054767                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          9701639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3864188                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        40385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          754                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2184217                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       193140                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          5521                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1371691                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 4156210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              69365401                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           401295338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              41125441                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             27981065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              10434                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  56412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3574067                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            754                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         324437                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       984099                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1308536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             390629137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              39468014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           3431690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     66476447                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 48909745                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   27008433                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.953146                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      389726327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     389505470                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 232212078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 371475809                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.947527                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.625107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed        85131                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged               293066                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated           293694                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.215696                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.742541                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.744132                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP            13790714                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        26701704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             239                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1371019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    194681049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.915155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.394307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     97197527     49.93%     49.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19435784      9.98%     59.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     15556486      7.99%     67.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10256670      5.27%     73.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      8193878      4.21%     77.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5494106      2.82%     80.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     38546598     19.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    194681049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            192003359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              372844396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       63058101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      37261253                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                          32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   47523548                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    3261079                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 369163816                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1906498                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1172879      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        303475625     81.39%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1395494      0.37%     82.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          1200533      0.32%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         183918      0.05%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             112      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               6      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt          535144      0.14%     82.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        1822578      0.49%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            4      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            2      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        36726110      9.85%     92.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       25796600      6.92%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       535143      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          248      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         372844396                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              38546598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted          26410005                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      70.877930                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted         63666144                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    33.158870                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2    17.075795                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    555680551                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   804385691                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           56446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   192003359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     372844396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.041648                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.041648                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.960017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.960017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                611182288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               298719889                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   6170632                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  3100054                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 255654017                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                123802980                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               162546988                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.671819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            55287592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            310252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            178.202210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.671819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         111057392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        111057392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     29393993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        29393993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     25583343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       25583343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     54977336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         54977336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     54977336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        54977336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       182729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        182729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       213505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       213505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       396234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         396234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       396234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        396234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12287266500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12287266500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25674095480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25674095480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37961361980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  37961361980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37961361980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  37961361980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     29576722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29576722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     25796848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     25796848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     55373570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55373570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     55373570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55373570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67243.111384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67243.111384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 120250.558441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120250.558441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95805.412913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95805.412913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95805.412913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95805.412913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        46860                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            1543                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    30.369410                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       309228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            309228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        82806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        82806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         3172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        85978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        85978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        85978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        85978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       210333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       210333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       310256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       310256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       310256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       310256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8095429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8095429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25126113980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25126113980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33221542980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33221542980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33221542980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33221542980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008153                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008153                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81016.672838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81016.672838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119458.734388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119458.734388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107077.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107077.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107077.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107077.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 309228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           439.758428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            42854566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           7036.874548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   439.758428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.858903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          85715898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         85715898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     42848476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        42848476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     42848476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         42848476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     42848476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        42848476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219002466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219002466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219002466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    219002466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219002466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    219002466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     42854904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42854904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     42854904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     42854904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     42854904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     42854904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34070.078718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34070.078718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34070.078718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34070.078718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34070.078718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34070.078718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        40725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               324                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   125.694444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          116                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         5645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              5645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197826974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197826974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197826974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197826974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197826974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197826974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32483.903777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32483.903777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32483.903777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32483.903777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32483.903777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32483.903777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   5645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            36235                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified               36326                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                   80                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                461050                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31516.552782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      369415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    317282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.164311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   1175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   31514.274679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher     2.278103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.961739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.961809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        14488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5364162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5364162                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       289873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           289873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        24645                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            24645                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              3220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5371                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5371                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         43542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             43542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 5371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                46762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                5371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               46762                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52133                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          207114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              207114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              715                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        56376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           56376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             263490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 264205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            263490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                264205                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24529679000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   24529679000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76199500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     76199500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6908393000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   6908393000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31438072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      31514271500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31438072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     31514271500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       289873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       289873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        24645                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        24645                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        210334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            210334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6086                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6086                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         99918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             6086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           310252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               316338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            6086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          310252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              316338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.984691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.117483                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.117483                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.117483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.849277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.835198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.117483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.849277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.835198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 118435.639310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118435.639310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106572.727273                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106572.727273                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 122541.382858                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122541.382858                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106572.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119314.099207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119279.618100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106572.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119314.099207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119279.618100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                        18                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              232319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    232319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         3304                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           3304                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       207114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         207114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56376                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        56376                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        263490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            264205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       263490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         3304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           267509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    204672590                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204672590                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       122000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20180285000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20180285000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5724497000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5724497000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61184500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25904782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25965966500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61184500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25904782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    204672590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26170639090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.117483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.117483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.835198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.117483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.845643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 61946.909806                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61946.909806                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 97435.639310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97435.639310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85572.727273                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85572.727273                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101541.382858                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101541.382858                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85572.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98314.099207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98279.618100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85572.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98314.099207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 61946.909806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97830.873316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         232681                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        499654                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232872                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              59855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       232319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            207114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           207114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          59855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       383578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       383045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       766623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 766623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     15985536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     15968896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     31954432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                31954432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            266973                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  266973    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              266973                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           740223908                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           739769393                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1420259139                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       631219                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       314876                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          377                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            540                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          540                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            106008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       522192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        25000                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             4421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           210334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          210334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        99918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       929740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                947561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       750784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     39646720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               40397504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          237106                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  14868672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           553448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 552528     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    920      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             553448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          630482500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           9135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         465384491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
