
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29290                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56877                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15688580                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67311168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6374.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   186698745                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     362534566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         24000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data       8301440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        88704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8414144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        24000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        24000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks      7303616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        7303616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data         129710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             131471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks       114119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            114119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst           240000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         83014400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher       887040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             84141440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       240000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          240000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks      73036160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73036160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks      73036160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst          240000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        83014400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher       887040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           157177600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    114119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       375.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    129691.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      1386.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.001829853652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds         6438                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds         6438                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState             398053                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState            107665                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     131471                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    114119                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   131471                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  114119                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               8412928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                7299712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                8414144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             7303616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            3967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16            4247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17            4357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18            4289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20            4141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21            4130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22            4089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23            3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24            3988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26            3978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27            3964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28            3941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29            4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30            4058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31            4151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             3498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             3484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            3635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16            3699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17            3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18            3754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19            3689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20            3627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21            3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22            3529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23            3485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24            3463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25            3366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26            3413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27            3417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28            3430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29            3497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30            3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31            3683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  99999438000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               131471                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              114119                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 117736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  11941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                  5143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                  5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                  6359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                  6484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                  6482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                  6482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                  6487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                  6497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                  6477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                  6463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                  6465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                  6474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                  6506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                  6557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                  6654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                  6440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                  6438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                  6439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       171573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.579538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.341983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.936463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       134143     78.18%     78.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28232     16.45%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6056      3.53%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1956      1.14%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          990      0.58%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          128      0.07%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       171573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.416900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.489461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   167.593509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         6435     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         6438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.716372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.691535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.923692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1273     19.77%     19.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              13      0.20%     19.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            4493     69.79%     89.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             593      9.21%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              61      0.95%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         6438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        24000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      8300224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        88704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7299712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 240000.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 83002240.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 887040.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 72997120.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          375                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       129710                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         1386                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       114119                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13352757                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6024609245                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     56981562                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5284079498568                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35607.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     46446.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     41112.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  46303240.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3795585180                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             6094943564                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 437998064                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28874.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               46366.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       84.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    84.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     53.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   22310                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  51626                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                16.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               45.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    407180.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   30.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            267520309.056028                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            355660674.801581                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           277112150.783956                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy          214456023.264004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        17738375138.664616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        10263610520.956625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        332858451.340814                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   42204171160.166481                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   8866481988.000177                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    386697982.910400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          80915097893.246689                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           809.150979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         87398032523                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    150317318                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   4481400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    236304880                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18471823762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7968481044                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  68691672996                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            267576446.592028                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            355739455.276782                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           275816605.209560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy          214230513.504004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        17739760516.291817                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        10296334638.071791                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        332536532.160015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   42154714854.604889                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8892652715.520147                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    365550301.368000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          80898314893.132721                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           808.983149                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         87362999311                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    144840680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   4481750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    229902880                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18526364334                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8005834249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  68611307857                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data       8295552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        88384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           8406464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.writebacks      7303104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7303104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data         129618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher         1381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             131351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.writebacks       114111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            114111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst           225280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         82955520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher       883840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             84064640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       225280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          225280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.writebacks      73031040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            73031040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.writebacks      73031040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst          225280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        82955520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher       883840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           157095680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    114111.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       352.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    129599.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples      1381.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.002096407652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds         6450                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds         6450                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState             397706                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            107655                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     131351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    114111                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   131351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  114111                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               8405248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7299840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                8406464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7303104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            3981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16            4267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17            4327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18            4273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19            4249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20            4131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21            4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22            4047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23            4063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24            3969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25            3973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26            3945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27            3921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28            3943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29            4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30            4080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31            4155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16            3730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17            3783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18            3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19            3691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20            3621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21            3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22            3499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23            3483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24            3443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25            3416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26            3372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27            3391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28            3425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29            3510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30            3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31            3667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  99998897000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               131351                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              114111                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 117709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  11815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                  5074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                  5145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                  6351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                  6488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                  6481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                  6476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                  6508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                  6498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                  6493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                  6475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                  6477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                  6478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                  6522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                  6568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                  6661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                  6452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                  6457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                  6454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       171681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.476075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.317691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.585917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       134171     78.15%     78.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28362     16.52%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6020      3.51%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1947      1.13%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          995      0.58%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          113      0.07%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           43      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       171681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.361240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.428233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   167.106448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         6446     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         6450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.683721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.658316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.933748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1349     20.91%     20.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              21      0.33%     21.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            4478     69.43%     90.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             533      8.26%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              62      0.96%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         6450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        22528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      8294336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        88384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7299840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 225280.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82943360.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 883840.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 72998400.000000000000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          352                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       129618                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher         1381                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       114111                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10920382                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5991843721                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     56539783                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5282820316861                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31023.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     46226.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     40941.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  46295451.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3762044542                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6059303886                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 437598224                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28645.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46137.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       84.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       73.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    84.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    73.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     53.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22253                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  51454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                16.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               45.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    407390.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   30.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            267938221.824027                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            356220430.809582                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           276699931.737556                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy          214737910.464004                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        17738375138.664616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        10411867282.521433                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        328809447.590412                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   42043959302.553635                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   8909713888.320120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    376238368.430400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          80931973156.439606                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           809.319732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         87230425804                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    143585290                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   4481400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    239583260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18561944436                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8142599686                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  68430887328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            267504715.296028                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            355627504.075181                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           275724066.239960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy          213956143.296003                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        17750843537.309425                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        10475248275.978960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        325789823.923212                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   42062225273.241402                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8895551155.680147                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    312141697.358400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          80940090736.109116                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           809.400907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         87164229421                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    136783376                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   4484550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    171701280                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18532401828                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8213821355                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  68460742161                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                59611844                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          59611844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1528115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             22451104                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2561742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             268517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        22451104                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           16720715                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          5730389                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       986988                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numDistinctBranches            0                       # Number of distinct branches encountered by LTAGE
system.cpu.branchPred.numConfidentBranches            0                       # Number of confidently-predictable branches through LTAGE.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentAtPredict     41211206                       # Number of branches that were confident when predict was called.
system.cpu.branchPred.confidentButWrong        166264                       # Number of incorrect but confidently predicted branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.numLoopPredictions            0                       # Number of loop predictions made by LTAGE.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.numChainsMeasured     33985002                       # Number of dependency chains measured
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalDependentInsts     90163707                       # Total count of instructions in dependency chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.reducableInstCount     39707094                       # Number of instructions with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalOpsInCache    241980383                       # Count of instructions loaded into the cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.totalReducable     20601764                       # Count of reducable instructions with no repeats
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageDependentInsts     2.653044                       # Average number of instructions per dependency chain
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.averageNumberReducable     1.168371                       # Average number of instructions per chain with all values ready
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.branchesOnChains      6794479                       # Count of branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.confidentBranchesOnChains            0                       # Count of confident branches found while measuring chains
system.switch_cpus.decode.superop.dependencyTracker.percentChainBranchesConfident     0.000000                       # Percent of branches found while measuring chains which were confident
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    38759424                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    26382887                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         37300                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        227595                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    43242293                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          8784                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.loadPred.lvLookups                90865136                       # Number of LVP Unit lookups
system.cpu.loadPred.correctUsed              26245895                       # Number of correct predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectUsed              229098                       # Number of incorrect predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.correctNotUsed            2996178                       # Number of correct predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.incorrectNotUsed          8109851                       # Number of incorrect predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalCorrect             29242073                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalIncorrect            8338949                       # Total predictable load values
system.cpu.loadPred.totalUsed                26474993                       # Total value predictions used
system.cpu.loadPred.totalNotUsed             11106029                       # Total value predictions not used
system.cpu.loadPred.accuracy                99.134663                       # Percentage of used predictions that were accurate
system.cpu.loadPred.coverage                89.753880                       # Percentage of accurate predictions that were used
system.cpu.loadPred.cyclesSaved              72798634                       # Number of memory access cycles skipped
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelNum                       0                       # Number of rip relative loads
system.cpu.loadPred.ripRelPercent            0.000000                       # Percent of loads which are rip relative
system.cpu.loadPred.largeValueLoads                 0                       # Number of load values > 8 bytes
system.cpu.loadPred.basicChosen                     0                       # Times hybrid chose basic
system.cpu.loadPred.strideHistChosen                0                       # Times hybrid chose strideHist
system.cpu.loadPred.periodicChosen                  0                       # Times hybrid chose periodic
system.cpu.loadPred.constIncrement                  0                       # Times firstCont was incremented
system.cpu.loadPred.constDecrement                  0                       # Times firstConst was decremented
system.cpu.loadPred.tagMismatch                  1858                       # Times an address indexed to a different tag
system.cpu.loadPred.aliasPercent             0.002045                       # Percent of loads whose tags don't match
system.cpu.loadPred.predictedPercent        29.136580                       # Percent of loads we forward a prediction for
system.cpu.loadPred.predictionsMade          90865136                       # Number of predictions made
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedLoads            37581022                       # Number of loads completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalLoadLatency        109499548                       # Total cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageLoadLatency       2.913693                       # Average cycles between a load being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.finishedArithmetic              0                       # Number of arithmetic insts completed
system.cpu.loadPred.totalArithmeticLatency            0                       # Total cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.loadPred.averageArithmeticLatency          nan                       # Average cycles between an arithmetic inst being fetched and finishing
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   187                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        200000001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            7966196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitInsts           114604693                       # Number of hits (instructions) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheMissOps            267855113                       # Number of misses (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitOps             210361372                       # Number of hits (ops) in the micro-op cache
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      247461688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Ops                        478953067                       # Number of uops fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducable            76957510                       # Number of fetched instructions that are reducable
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent1    31.098757                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Insts)
system.cpu.fetch.fetchedReducablePercent2    16.067860                       # Percent of fetched instructions that are reducable (Ops)
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    59611844                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           19282457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     190205990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 3414630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                11777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         48170                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            9                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4005                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  43233566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  3594                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          199943679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.243735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.022879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                113411831     56.72%     56.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  8269936      4.14%     60.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  7204633      3.60%     64.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 10463596      5.23%     69.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  8790509      4.40%     74.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  9438461      4.72%     78.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  7619537      3.81%     82.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 11482337      5.74%     88.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 23262839     11.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            199943679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.298059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.237308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheHitrate             0.439887                       # Uop Cache Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.uopCacheInstHitrate         0.463121                       # Uop Cache Instruction Hit Rate
system.cpu.fetch.micro                      111016035                       # Number of instructions with 1:1 macro-micro mapping.
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheWayInvalidations     50421455                       # Number of times the micro-op cache ways were invalidated
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheOpUpdates    242544304                       # Number of micro-ops written to the micro-op cache
system.switch_cpus.decode.uopCacheLRUUpdates    242028002                       # Number of times the micro-op cache LRU bits were updated
system.switch_cpus.decode.oneMicroOp             4067                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into one micro-op
system.switch_cpus.decode.twoMicroOps            1916                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into two micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.threeMicroOps          2166                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op into three micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.fourMicroOps            148                       # Number of tiems we decoded a macro-op into four micro-ops
system.switch_cpus.decode.MSROMAccess             367                       # Number of times we decoded a macro-op usingMSROM
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 31278599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             113222916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   7473070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              46261779                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1707315                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              413008939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts               7414792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1707315                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 36470564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                81513072                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          23959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  35987031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              44241738                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              400987204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts               4366537                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 60039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 588080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               27248945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          1395628                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           453205257                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1034104622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        593910342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           6093229                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             409971841                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 43233395                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 130525586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             40781108                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            27459838                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            395002                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           186354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  394809213                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               85774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 386825149                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            116089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        32360401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42727798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          85539                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     199943679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.934671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.903370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            72463426     36.24%     36.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            24311211     12.16%     48.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            29058469     14.53%     62.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            27083972     13.55%     76.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            22320073     11.16%     87.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            14374376      7.19%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            10332152      5.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       199943679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                2011385     49.61%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     27      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                   2507      0.06%     49.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   465      0.01%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 854794     21.08%     70.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               1149984     28.36%     99.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             26530      0.65%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             8853      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1467701      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             313049991     80.93%     81.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              1389408      0.36%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               1185367      0.31%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              185384      0.05%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  129      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    6      0.00%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt               666714      0.17%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc             1929804      0.50%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               4      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              2      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             39225526     10.14%     92.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            26719376      6.91%     99.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         1001795      0.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           3942      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              386825149                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.934126                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     4054545                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.010482                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          969763827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         422235690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    377876205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             8000780                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            5020407                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3627178                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              385401746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 4010247                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.lvpDependencyChains                   0                       # Number of dependents on lvp predictions, following chains
system.cpu.iq.nonEmptyChains                        0                       # Number of chains with length > 0
system.cpu.iq.averageChainLength                  nan                       # Average length of non-zero chains
system.cpu.iq.reducableInsts                        0                       # Number of dependent insts that are candidates for optimization
system.cpu.iq.averageShrinkage                    nan                       # Average reducable dependencies per chain
system.cpu.iq.reducablePercent                    nan                       # Percent of dependencies that are reducible
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          9422645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4542528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        32899                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2357465                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       217938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          5475                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1707315                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 5136241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              68070022                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           394894987                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              40781108                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             27459838                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              28743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  62924                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3566433                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         338604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1329944                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1668548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             382899479                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              38720596                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           3925666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     65099655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 47826456                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   26379059                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.914497                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      381787512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     381503383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 227760645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 364175666                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.907517                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.625414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.loopsFromLtage                       0                       # times LTAGE branch predictor detected the end of a loop
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassed        78643                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionChanged               272542                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidated           273244                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iew.
system.cpu.iew.confidenceThresholdPassedPercent     0.203104                       # loads which gained a prediction between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionChangedPercent      0.703868                       # loads whose prediction changed between fetch and iew (percent).
system.cpu.iew.predictionInvalidatedPercent     0.705681                       # loads which received a prediction in fetch that was invalidated by iews (percent).
system.cpu.iew.instsSquashedByLVP            14610947                       # insts squashed due to load value mispredictions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        30324294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             235                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1706689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    193824885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.870423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.377867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     98561737     50.85%     50.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19107396      9.86%     60.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     15433162      7.96%     68.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10130200      5.23%     73.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      7957516      4.11%     78.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5469062      2.82%     80.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     37165812     19.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    193824885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            186698745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              362534566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       61340946                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      36238579                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                          32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   46194853                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    3170341                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 358952824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1856906                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1143126      0.32%      0.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        295036672     81.38%     81.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1359239      0.37%     82.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          1183023      0.33%     82.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         179062      0.05%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             112      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               6      0.00%     82.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt          519466      0.14%     82.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        1772908      0.49%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            4      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            2      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        35719114      9.85%     92.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       25102119      6.92%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       519465      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          248      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         362534566                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              37165812                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredsCommitted          25585827                       # Number of lvp predictions used and not squashed
system.cpu.commit.lvpPredCommitPercent      70.603836                       # Percent of committed loads that have a predictions
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitted         61310285                       # Number of reducable instructions that are committed
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommittedPercent1    32.839152                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with instsCommitted)
system.cpu.commit.reducableCommitPercent2    16.911569                       # Percent of committed instructions that are reducable (with opsCommitted)
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    549517933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   791886249                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           56322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   186698745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     362534566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.071244                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.071244                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.933494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.933494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                598338940                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               292315653                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   6073562                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  3015692                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 251118394                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                121528070                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               159249323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.671522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            54098928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            305450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            177.112221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.671522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         108682912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        108682912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     28901877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        28901877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     24891596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24891596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     53793473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         53793473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     53793473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        53793473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       184491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        184491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       210767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       210767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       395258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         395258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       395258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        395258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12143321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12143321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25416204982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25416204982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37559525982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  37559525982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37559525982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  37559525982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     29086368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29086368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     25102363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     25102363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     54188731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     54188731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     54188731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     54188731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65820.668759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65820.668759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 120589.110164                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120589.110164                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95025.340365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95025.340365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95025.340365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95025.340365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        51086                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            1672                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    30.553828                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       304426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            304426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        86589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         3214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        89803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        89803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        89803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        89803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        97902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       207553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       207553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       305455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       305455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       305455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       305455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7897791500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7897791500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24872352482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24872352482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32770143982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32770143982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32770143982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32770143982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80670.379563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80670.379563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119836.150198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119836.150198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107283.049817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107283.049817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107283.049817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107283.049817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 304426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           440.939277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            43233094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           5345.338032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   440.939277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.861210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.861210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          86475142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         86475142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     43225006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        43225006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     43225006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         43225006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     43225006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        43225006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266637966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266637966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266637966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    266637966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266637966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    266637966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     43233527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43233527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     43233527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     43233527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     43233527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     43233527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31291.863162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31291.863162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31291.863162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31291.863162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31291.863162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31291.863162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        40754                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               322                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   126.565217                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         7639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243925974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243925974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243925974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243925974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243925974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243925974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30158.997774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30158.997774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30158.997774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30158.997774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30158.997774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30158.997774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   7639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            39331                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified               39459                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                  112                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                444589                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31502.661522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      368058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    314582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.169991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   1175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   31500.337876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher     2.323646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.961314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.961385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13650                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        17245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994720                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5317390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5317390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       285598                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           285598                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        26217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            26217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              3189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7354                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               7354                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         42933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 7354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                46122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                7354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               46122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          204364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              204364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          727                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              727                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        54964                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           54964                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             259328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 260055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            259328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                260055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24283560500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   24283560500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77660500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     77660500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6728760000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   6728760000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77660500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31012320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      31089981000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77660500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31012320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     31089981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       285598                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       285598                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        26217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        26217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        207553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            207553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8081                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           8081                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         97897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             8081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           305450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               313531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            8081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          305450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              313531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.984635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089964                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.089964                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.561447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.089964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.849003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.829440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.089964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.849003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.829440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 118825.040124                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118825.040124                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106823.246217                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106823.246217                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 122421.221163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122421.221163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106823.246217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119587.242797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119551.560247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106823.246217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119587.242797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119551.560247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                        18                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              228230                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    228230                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         4118                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           4118                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       204364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         204364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          727                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          727                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54964                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        54964                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        259328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            260055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       259328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         4118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           264173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    208718939                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208718939                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       152000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       152000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19991916500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19991916500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62393500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62393500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5574516000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5574516000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62393500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25566432500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25628826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62393500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25566432500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    208718939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25837544939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.829440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 50684.540797                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50684.540797                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        30400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 97825.040124                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97825.040124                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85823.246217                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85823.246217                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101421.221163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101421.221163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85823.246217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98587.242797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98551.560247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85823.246217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98587.242797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 50684.540797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97805.396233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         228592                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        491419                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       228769                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              58458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       228230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            204364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           204364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          58458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       377258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       376983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       754241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 754241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     15717760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     15709568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     31427328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                31427328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            262827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  262827    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              262827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           727417329                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           727165334                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1398530928                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       625608                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       312069                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          267                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1351                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1351                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            105985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       513828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        26467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             5286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           207553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          207553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          8088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        97897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       915336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                939144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1006080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     39032064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               40038144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          233885                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  14607168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           547421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.054353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 545799     99.70%     99.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1622      0.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             547421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          624869000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          12132000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         458181492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
